whammy Jamie Bamber have we got a show
for you tonight is hot light League
episode 46 oh my god did you guys know
that there was a group dress show we
were kind of sleeping through it but we
will discuss what happened on it you
know actually like the results not that
actual brought either way that happened
there was a new sponsor that I'm gonna
go announce Kelly is gonna be able to
talk about it there's like it's just I
get o it by the way you get rewards down
whenever you watch LCS and worlds or
whatever maybe they'll come to hunt my
league but not this episode all that war
starting right now highlight league
episode 46 hotline league is brought to
you by your twitch Prime subscription
alright if someone did coke and had a
stroke at the same time Wow well there's
a lot of energy but it was just not
coherent and kind of like it was
impressive yeah thank you I know I'm
worried because I keep trying to I keep
trying to outdo the last one whammy baby
Sammy's gonna be hard to talk yeah yeah
I am worried about it I am worried about
it
twitch at freaking out right now I'll
explain a little bit about what you guys
are talking about and a little bit Kelly
are you okay you're you are you did the
twitch I was freaking out okay normally
there's a different I hotline League is
brought to you by twitch Prime this week
well specifically your twitch process
they're so confused when I saw that come
up I thought that had to have been in
air let's just we'll put it in the
monster slot later on mark you how was
your week what happened this weekend so
actually got to spend time with the
girlfriend that was all great I shot
something fun for offline TV beyond like
us sitting in a room which was nice
start leveling my Walt
I just realized resets tomorrow tonight
early tomorrow morning
so I finish getting up to 120 and get a
couple of weekly shit done tonight and I
also need to start prepping well start
but continue prepping for world
good save I need to start prep I mean
continue prepping I need to continue
continue prepping story meeting we have
on Wednesday night so I've gotta like
min/max the fuck out of my time so I'll
be playing wow this entire episode all
right all right having finished the
script yet I just need to learn my part
you know like the scripts there's okay
I'll write all my lines right gotcha so
hey maybe we do need to address it
because now I'm seeing people are like
let's go tweet at his sponsor um all
right so before we get to Calvi let me
I'll just address it so you guys might
have noticed intro the show normally
this is sponsored by omen by HP does not
say that I had a really great
relationship with omen by HP the support
of my content throughout the past year
they supported this show I you all
intern in a way that I rarely have ever
seen and Kelby can attest to this as he
eats his ramen saw I just saw amazing
support from you guys for that
sponsorship I had an opportunity come up
that I will be able to explain
eventually not on this episode and
probably not on the next one that as
everyone's spamming out there paying f
to pay respects I thought for a second
the stream died but you guys are all
spamming f that's hilarious so I had an
opportunity come up that I will be able
to cuss in the future that is just a you
know it was just better suited for what
I am looking to accomplish in the near
future and so unfortunately you know
conflicting situations occur and then
you kind of have to to move on so I I
just I really enjoyed working with all
the folks over there they were really
fantastic folks to work with and the
support they showed me especially as I
was getting my feet underneath me in the
beginning
was super incredible I do think that
whenever I am finally able to talk about
what you get what I'm able to do you
guys will see why this kind of makes
sense but for the time being I hope you
guys can all be super respectful and
again please don't tweet at those guys
because they were super fantastic I
loved working with them unfortunately
you know in the near future we're just
not gonna be able to continue that
relationship but again thanks to omen
for the support of hotline League and
everything I've done for the past year
or so looking forward to talking you
guys about a new opportunity and they
near future and no it's not tidy cats I
know you all think it's tiny cats it's
not tidy cats but you know if they are
interested there's always a spot for
them you know we could make that work
he'll be killed we can talk to them
anyway Kelby how was your past week mmm
it was good uh I'm trying to think of oh
yeah I was in I did a lot of cool stuff
this week but I can't talk about yet but
it's related to my work which I'm not
talking about and I can talk about in
the future so be on the lookout whatever
nicer being said something else after I
made that call might be like well I'm
sure I'm good I'm trying to transition
out of the we can talk about this in the
future some literally life-changing
world-saving stuff I just can't talk
about it guys so you know you probably
hear about it in 50 50 years in the
classified information yeah you know
lifted which is until then assume I
cured cancer yes actually you guys
figure it out Kelby for the past week
he's been working on securing his
sponsorship of all my content so I can't
talk about him as the next sponsor but
that's what it's Kelby Mays the neck
sponsor of hot line League we're just
gonna leak it right now and we're
excited to have him come on board he'll
be promoting dota 2 the chainsmokers and
I don't what else our new show so Travis
and I are doing a new show every Tuesday
and Thursday night it's called
war total war Warhammer to co-op stream
with Travis and Kelby yeah every night
I'd really think about the name a lot
man go loco monster is what they're
saying yeah yeah monster but yeah so you
could you can look out for that hot new
content I twitch.tv forward slash Travis
gaffers every Tuesday and Thursday
evening when we streamed co-op campaign
together if people are saying this is a
fan on collaboration yes it is all right
let's move on yeah happy birthday Fenner
on Jenkins thanks for doing it okay
let's actually talk about Lee legends
because Mark we're losing market if
there's like a timer no no please don't
say I was like even if you're doing that
please don't all right anyway there's
been a lot of stuff that has happened in
the past week and it's actually a
perfect episode to have Kelby on because
a lot of that is more business oriented
more sponsor oriented and so that's why
I think it makes a lot of sense for him
to be joining us we've got the
MasterCard sponsorship I'd like to have
at least one caller call in and give
some sort of take even if it's just like
they want to learn more about what that
means or you know whatever it be great
if somebody throws something out there
would love to talk about the new viewer
reward program that has hit but of
course the big and that was announced
today by the way the big thing the big
thing this past week obviously is the
group draw so we'll be discussing that
is there anything else I'm forgetting
mark I feel like those are the big three
I don't know if there's a big news maybe
twitch chat will help us remember and
obviously if you think of something that
you want to talk about even if it's not
necessarily those big topics feel free
to drop it in if we think it's a
interesting topic we will be sure to
pull it in to the stream mark will we'll
be able to figure that out
so you want to start doing to feel that
we ready to go yeah go for it go for it
fuck this is so weird what it's just
early yeah you said I'm not doing the
spiel yet yeah anyways if you can start
on time
seen the show usually on certain time
but when we do I start spamming twitch
chat with the link to the discord that
we use you're gonna want to click that
link and join up when you get here
there's plug calls and plug calls to
voice channels you're gonna join one of
those you can basically mute yourself
once you're in there and then the pleb
topics text channel that is where you're
gonna write your tape so you know try
make sure you are expressing your
opinion in your take not just asking us
what we think so if you want to talk
about Group B don't just say I want to
talk about Ruby say I think it's one of
the hardest groups you've ever seen and
it's gonna be miserable for the West and
then we can talk about it if we like
your topic I will pull you from the plug
calls voice Channel into the waiting
room where when it's your turn I'll come
in do a quick voice check make sure your
microphone is working and then we'll
pull you into the on-air one to discuss
it with all of us know and if you are a
twitch prime sub which I'll be shouting
out in a second
thank you to all those who saw the the
brought to you by Trish prime sub thing
and send twitch crimes but if you are a
twitch sub prime or otherwise you can
join the discord under the sub calls set
or sorry sub topics section put your
topic in there it gives you news a
little slower so doesn't necessarily
guarantee you a spot on the show but it
just gives you a bit of an advantage not
too much of one so thank you to everyone
who is a sub I understand the screen is
flickering I don't know why Skype is
doing this as a new wonderful thing that
Skype does every week there's a new
Skype thing then now that I've said that
a million people are gonna come out and
say like why do you Skype it's because
it's the thing that we use it's so hard
to explain why it's very technical
anyway yeah but I think we're already if
you want to start pulling people yeah
indeed okay I've been looking to pull
this whole time okay I don't know what
that means it sounds a little
questionable but ya know that's the
mechanic that exists and
but not leak andrew k cool subs Alex
tequila 23 Salam sent to Hunter bits
Ozzy fur / gnomes cloud ice mrs. Travis
any rewards for anniversary which three
months I I got nothing for you Vichy
fresh time mixer signs poacher and k KS
heart hearts under blade I alt LT Cedric
The Selfish coach Jake and avarice two
months just proves that I love you more
than HP have more money from me
perfectly adequate Jerry sub for ten
months in a row action resub for seven
months I'm going to be in Korea during
finals is it worth watching it live in
Korea I know there's no English
alternative at the venue I don't know I
I mean I think it's a good experience I
hear I keep hearing everyone say that
the opening ceremony is gonna be insane
like the best one they've ever done so
we're hearing that before some people
okay go ahead and take a look or go grab
them how how's life Kelby are we able to
say where you work not as in like the
company or your job but like your
physical location where you're spending
your day yeah yeah I did want to throw
that out there if you weren't
comfortable with it but yeah I was
working from home bin I miss going to an
office and having other people around
but it's fine yeah it's good for like
days like today where you stayed up way
tonight too late the night before
playing total world Warhammer to actual
goob has joined the show actual goob
where he called from Dolphin Manitoba I
feel like I've always heard the name
Manitoba literally being used as an
example of a place that's in the middle
of nowhere
okay this is like this is gonna be great
I'm really excited about what do you
want to talk about on the show tonight
well
my heartache was 100 thieves probably
and this was kind of off the top of my
head about your life but hundred thieves
probably has a better chance of getting
out of groups then Team Liquid just kind
of and that that's a little bit of me
kind of thinking 100 thieves is gonna
pull something out in world similar to
the way misfits kind of shocked people
last year okay I apologize from
whisperin no no that's perfectly fine
you some 90% better than almost all of
our cars
I think TL like assuming assuming EDG
goes into TLS group I think they've got
about as much chance as g2 had last year
of getting out of their group maybe
lower your I've believed they were had
they had like the number 1 and number 2
seed from China last year who's supposed
to go into a hundred teased group a
hundred thieves group is most likely
going to be the like any other name the
wild card team is most likely oh so
essentially we're just saying that
hunter T needs to be fanatic to make it
obvious
basically yeah I mean we can you know
you can like assuming IG slams everybody
in takes first yeah based off what
you're seeing with what Travis has on
screen right now everybody you will most
likely see c9 end up in Group B you'll
most likely see EDG or holy shit third
seed from Europe brain farting v2g to
end up in Group C or in Group A as well
as EDG going to group a or Group C and
then the wild card team pretty much
having to go into group to you then yeah
I would I would say na has like a
god-awful chance of getting out of
groups this here okay across the board
across the board okay so I but we should
well let's just address the thing he
just said first before we get to the
hundreds he take I feel like I kind of
agree I don't know if I would say
god-awful but like I in in
we're gonna have to do this when we get
to a hundred thieves thing but everyone
thinks we hate hundred thieves I I don't
think I don't I just don't have high
expectations for hundred thieves
this line will end up in the episode of
the heist where they're celebrating you
know making it to semifinals or
something where I'm saying I don't have
if I'm gonna be in that video I want it
to be high fees let me say okay I just
these is a horrible representative of
North America and there's 0% chance they
get out of Group D yeah okay there you
now you're in the video but so I don't
have high expectations for them cloud
nine is going into the group of Beth and
then the group see I I mean how good is
EDG supposed to be I believe you should
be good they like how the other well so
like the thing with the EDG was like
they choked really really hard last year
but I think they're actually pretty good
I well I've been giving I've been giving
Chinese teams pass all year because
they've been slamming pretty hard but
stuff to say whether that's just orangey
you're right but when you've got teams
taking orangey to five when you've got
the IG taking orangey to five games you
they've got to be on a similar level
right so you'd think yeah and I mean
like I would say it's got like my my
opinion there has way less to do with
hundred views than it does with any as
placings overall like I where there are
spies okay so why okay here let's break
it down so one of the first things you
said is you're predicting hundred
thieves to pull a misfits why is hundred
thieves the team that will plummet I
wouldn't I mean that was what you said
in your your opening line yeah that
that's so down their part okay I would
say like if if one team does pull a
misfits it's gonna be hundred do use
mostly because
I just feel like well I mean one you
didn't really expect miss this to pull a
misfits that's why it's pulling a
misfits right yeah but I don't know I
just think they have well they have a
group of for the most part veteran
players
yeah it's 3/5 veteran players I guess
but doesn't teamliquid also have a team
of veteran players yeah I just think one
of which was a world champion team Lee
that's very fair
team liquids group is uh is in my
opinion a bit tougher I mean it's
exactly the same if they get G - yeah if
they yeah damn yeah I was I was assuming
I was going off chat 75% chance to get
but if they do get he's explained some I
don't know I try I trust him with stats
I guess they are called Jeff Sachs that
is that's his brand upon reflecting I
could say it's team team liquids
definitely got like I would say like on
paper they have a solid chance compared
in comparison to hundred thieves
I just basically have a feeling that
hundred thieves might pull out a game or
two and you know there is like I don't I
I want doublelift to do good at Worlds I
really do but there's there's a track
record to look at and that's a really
bot centric group right well it's a lot
of boss centric teams and can they slam
the Chinese ball in mark do we have
another caller about group sir can we
just use this as sort of an open forum
on groups because all the different
groups I'm sure more people will call
them with more specific takes yeah yeah
I mean I think I don't know I just am
NOT I feel pretty mediocre about in a
with the this group drop I just I feel
like Group C is the group where our team
liquid like fuck's up somehow and loses
and doesn't make it out like I mean I
don't know like some weird shit happens
with Katy and I know it's like it's like
you can't really say much besides a
feeling but
if you look at like the week 2 of of
group-stage quite often it's about na
teams not being able to innovate
whatsoever
and I look at hundred thieves as one of
the most likely teams to be able to
change their play style and week - I
feel like 100 T is the team most likely
to not win a game in their group like
depends who they're playing team is but
I don't know if they can win yeah once
against an addict or a fanatic will be a
a tall task for sure I mean mark I'm
definitely giving them a bit more credit
than they probably deserve mark do we
hate hundred T I asked because in that
we clipped I clipped out the section
that was about like if teams should be
able to qualify for circuit points and
read one of the reddit comments that was
pretty I've uploaded was like hotline
link has a hate boner 400 T I don't
think we have a hate humble nerf 100 T
but what's that stat that you say about
best-of-five s mark with Thunder T
what's that that they only be it was
like they only be like the only
best-of-five is a 1 was like an optic 1
and a flight quest 1 or something like
that it was fought it was were the only
best of fives that they were able to win
I just I worry about the strength of
that team and I don't think that they
are the third best team in North America
we're sending them as if they are the
second best team in North America and I
worry that I mean mark I'm no analyst so
feel free to jump in here and correct me
but they just sort of have Li like stall
out style where these like stall until
they win and scale they they do a little
more than that like they try and for the
most part play like a more like sideline
focus and a lot of other and sometimes
they don't pull off and I was a random I
think I think you would you'd also hope
with this substantial break between the
end of playoffs and worlds that they
would work on those other styles as well
right they're not just gonna drive home
all right guys were stalling out every
single game at world do you think seem
like what's gonna do that that's that's
a fair
question well you know him being my
gangplank you're gonna get a timeout
soon buddy
I feel like I feel like individually
100t has all their individual players or
liabilities at worlds for their
positions and matching up against world
talent like I I could see them just
having real hard times all over the map
and it's just like wow these games are
just like blowouts I am very curious to
see what happens if I can mark speak now
I'm sorry I wouldn't mind finding one
thought this everybody spamming someday
now yeah someday is like na someday now
he's he's two years na someday maybe
he'll be good against some - it's good
work work what were you gonna say I was
just saying I think that they play it it
looks it is slow and then it's a lot
about like one three ones and playing
sidelines and not like taking every
teamfight they're a lot more like
risk-averse and other na teams which I
think makes them really good against not
like against teams in North America who
are worse than them and what would have
happened if they were the third seed to
represent us I think that actually
really good in the group stage I think a
lot of other people have said this as
well but like fnatic actually was a
pretty fast team in spring when they
were playing with foot blow and so as
and they slowed down a little bit with
reckless coming back but they still look
really good
IG is not a particularly slow team plus
they have like a really fucking nasty
top laner in the shy so like I don't
think these are like good matchups in
their own group necessarily yeah so
that's that's more my concern now that
I've seen where they've gone but I will
agree that like if EDG ends up in Group
C and c9 ends up in Group B hundred
these might actually be our best chance
to get out yeah and like you don't have
more confidence in TL against EDG than a
hundred t against fnatic like what do
you think maybe no I'd have to see how
things look
but that's my head not not necessarily
no we think the do we think the fanatic
is the best team in EU yeah yep so the
worst team we're sending from na is
gonna be the best team in EU one could
take one game is that better than the
best team in na against the worst team
China sending hi good question I don't
have AI I don't really have high hopes
for anyone coming from na so I mean it's
like if if 100 thieves has a 15% chance
of getting out of getting out of groups
Team Liquid probably has like 12 and
then c9 probably as somewhere on there -
maybe less yeah I think na chances for
performing well at Worlds really got
crushed when clutch lost in the gauntlet
unfortunately I think I think it'll be
pretty close like if EDG ends up in
Group C and wild car in Group D I think
it's pretty close between 100,000 CL
like who's our best shot at getting out
yeah I just I I would say hundred I
think team liquids our only chance that
groups are only like decent chance I
think look cloud 9 hours over performs
they could come out of playoffs and just
be like beating down people and memes
come out who would win X support
who's done all this stuff r1 bearded boy
or you know like like 100 thieves like
just suddenly does something crazy and
people are loitering prolly as a genius
and but I like that stuff can happen and
I'm saying all this so that if it does I
can point to this clip when people point
to other clips of me shitting on this
but I still feel like Team Liquid is is
like our little spear that we're trying
to throw through the gate I feel to put
the final point on this if I may
I feel like in order for this if T all
gets out of groups it's because they
played well and deserve
it deserves it deserved it if a hundred
team makes it out of group I feel like
what is necessitated there is a fanatic
collapse not that 100 T like steps of
the plate I don't see 100 T stepping up
to the plate and surpassing like a non
form fanatic but an act needs to fall
apart at the event yeah that which could
happen yeah good yeah that's that's
basically the 15 percent right there
yeah all right hey thank you so much for
the call to my good friend actual goob
yeah for a while but you know no no it's
fine I did it to you then Travis did it
the best situation like I was actually a
goob
alright positive waves subbed C Series
17 reset for six months while six months
happy birthday smell SAP nine one seven
reset for seven months shoutouts to omen
by HP and pre-2012 chainsmokers
over over cat subbed synthesis ex subbed
a Rand Aravind
they were Selvam where Calliope donated
$10 where did he go
he went to general why did he go to
general chai Jason can you get him back
well bring back he'll be I don't think
he purposely moved out we need to get
him back I'm actually person is click of
this of the series Aravind
there are some of them sent $10 hey man
love your work any chance you guys will
be coming into Australian time scene no
but I wish I could actually really like
Australia if anybody in Australia wants
to bring me there for some sort of
sponsor thing I will I will do it on the
cheap the pod Barry is here Todd Barry
what is your name pod Barry bit of added
POSCO Jackson what's my last name where
are you from
Brisbane Australia uh-ho-ho
yes what is we are you watching us en er
region there are you that are you the
person who donated the ten dollars and
said are you guys coming to Australia
anytime soon
I am NOT but hey we want to make that
happen
I went to Australia in high school it
was cool yeah it's getting a bit warm at
the moment side wait till it gets a bit
colder yeah all right well what do you
want to talk about well I believe that
this year will be the beginning of the
dials hypetrain well hopefully if we
compare to the day walls from the group
at least from this year to last year I
think infinity is a definitely a step
down from Brazil and obviously EDG will
sweep everyone but if the eyeballs come
second just based on that how they match
up against infinity I think shown fires
aggressive jungle playstyle will serve
them well and then with some luck we get
whoever wins group D and throw some
Oceania cheese to win the best of five
so do you want to explain to the 90% of
the audience who doesn't know who the
dire wolves are I have no the tiles have
been a shadow his best team for the loss
so where the oceanic seed into Worlds
yeah and they have been for the past
three years yeah so at least what what
happened last year it was they look
really promising in week one and then
get that OCE tilt and go off the face of
the planet in the second half of the
rounds but they've been there enough
times internationally where I'm hoping
that they can get past that and I think
that much I just think the matchup that
they have against infinity infinite like
you get half the other pull two teams
and I don't think this happens but I
think that they pulled probably the best
pull to team that they could have in the
plane group draw so you would like us to
discuss their probability of making it
out of their play in groups with a
of other teams that we've never watched
before let's say hey hey I don't mind
like playing starts next week I think
it's fine to discuss shit on you pot
very I'm just saying that I don't know
that I personally and I would guess
Travis or mark are you know well mark or
definitely the most out of all of us
ohayo percent I have covered plans for
MSI and work I don't know if I did
lessons actually but I did worlds and
last and - Emma sighs ago and direwolves
was that all those I'm pretty sure so
like yeah everyone who lost two years I
think yeah so I've cast at least three
of their events and I gotta say dude
like they are one of the teams along
with like whoever the Japanese
representative is whether it's
detonation or whoever or the fuck it
always is rampage whatever
direwolves is one of the team's I always
hear super hyped up and always shit the
bed yeah especially with all the shit
talking they didn't c9 that was just
setting us up to fail a little bit I
think the team because the team's been
for those that don't know the team's
been together for the same team has been
together with the exception of they
swapped over their top laner this this
seconds with chibis was the old top
laner and Empire Panthers in wild life
has been playing I believe his win
records like twenty seven and six or
something and he's one of those classic
like play tank only and play for the
teamfight who I've done a little bit of
looking up into infinity and their play
style is kind of similar top lane and so
I think by Panthers just can hold at top
lane and Shen can just take over the map
like he doesn't know see you against
them and then yeah it did you just shits
on everyone anyway yeah I think like the
master first into enemy is one that you
guys can do well in but after that like
you said your only hope of getting out
if you get group D yeah any kind of well
it's Bank this whole theory is banking
on is pulling either cheer EXO gambit or
whoever the fuck let me turn this let me
turn this
question around a little bit on you my
Australian friend why should anyone
watching be excited for this team as in
not like Oh are they gonna win or
whatever but like give me a story like
like sell sell all these people who
wouldn't normally care about any of the
teams in the plans outside of like the
major of regions sell them on the
direwolves like why are they a hype team
to watch and care about all stuff just
the way that they play at it obviously
this you can only really go off their
teams they play in Oceania because
that's the majority sort of split that
they have this really aggressive
playstyle where if people don't punish
their early mistakes and that's kind of
what we've seen internationally recently
is people just punish the early mistakes
but when like Shane fire gets unlocked
he can take over the map king and
support cupcake I think King averages
one point four deaths a game for this
year so they just stay super clean the
bot lane and then it gets to a point
where shone and king take over the game
and play that super aggressive place up
and on the other hand if if they tilt
off the face of the planet it's also
entertaining to see them just get
completely cheered on so the other thing
too is I don't know if they'll do it
have they been humbled at all based off
their previous international suffer do
you think they'll come in and should
talk with it it feels like they always
do well the problem with the
shit-talking is that's kind of like the
Australian Way is you look at our kind
of like real-life actual sports with
cricket and whatever yeah we have a very
shit-talking venturous nature and I
think that's them trying to carry that
over into the international play because
that's just what they're used to I think
it was last year
there was a game where people had
started getting up and screaming each
other from across across the computers
in a playoff game and OCE with two other
random teams that were flying but that's
I think that they've gotten to a point
now especially last year when they were
in such a promising against team one
they won the first game and they were
looking promising and then they kind of
shit the bed the second second time they
played and lost
breaker again I'm like I'm I obviously
aren't there while they bootcamping but
I'm hoping that they can go in with
slightly more serious manner and yeah
just concentrate for the whole two weeks
instead of tilting pretty good well
we'll be taking an I are keeping an eye
out for dire wolves I really like those
guys I don't know like who all is still
there whatever either in management
positions coaching positions whatever
but like when I went to Australia in
2014 all the Australian teams were
really nice it was it reminded me a lot
about like kind of the beginning of
legal agility sports culture so we have
to see some success out of Oceania
anyway you think it's a lot of the game
in US but inside the end they talk mad
shit yeah well thank you pod berry for
your call oh good
thanks guys thanks seed hopefully in the
next one is towards kelpies liking fan
Ron Jenkins donated $10 and said oMG
it's Callie me and that amazing hair I
don't know why he's sending us money on
his birthday benjamine Payne Benjamin
Payne has several twitch crime xxxx
thought patrol xxxx diva has subbed with
how people love this one and Norris
Thunder has subbed with prime as well
we've got Danks or on the show Dinks or
where you can touch it aphromoo yeah
from Miami Miami very good hey called in
Brooksville
called him before he has what do you
want to talk about on the show today yes
my topic was on the MasterCard
sponsorship and you know we haven't
really heard anything from right after
the BAM tech you know deal fell through
and also that I feel like this is the
kha'zix cromoz or like a step in the
right direction for these team to start
making some kind of revenue from their
franchise slots at least and yeah I
kinda just want to talk about that and
like maybe different strategies I write
potentially could do to you know these
franchise teams at least in any LC has
to start making some kind of money it's
been over a year since I've been in the
system right yes I mean I assume they've
been making some money I just don't know
if it's enough
but the MasterCard thing by the way very
hyped about very excited about in kalbi
you were pretty excited about it
in in our private conversations
we already got announced as a guy who
works in sort of in the sales sponsor
thing what do you think it means for
MasterCard to come into the space well
I'm glad that riot just you know finally
put a deal through and I also AM I'm
happy like I'm I've heard some stuff in
the ethos that this is like a pretty
significant financial deal which is
awesome and I mean we'll find out or I
guess you guys won't find out but the
indefinite article we will find out how
much it is down the road and also I I'm
just like I'm like you're saying we'll
find out somehow
I will oh you'll find out I Cal beer but
no I'm not gonna share it publicly it's
just you know for my own edification and
you know doing my job and stuff but if
when you find out I'll just ask you on
the show and you can go like this or you
can just not risk react at all if yeah
exactly yeah yeah no but we when I was
at twitch we actually were talking to
MasterCard about some like potentially
sport sponsorship stuff and one of the
things that I really liked in doing prep
for them was kind of their focus that
we've seen come through in their talking
points about the LCS relationship where
they are a brand that is all about
creating like a unique and special
once-in-a-lifetime experience for the
audience so I'm really hoping that Riot
took that a law like that sentiment to
heart along with their planning with
them and that like as a result they're
going to be using that budget and that
you know MasterCard will be investing to
create opportunities for the LCS fan
that is like different than what we've
seen otherwise
because usually like a lot of barriers
for creating like these unique content
or like in-person moments or
opportunities or like VIP XP
is like a budget thing it's like oh you
know we could do this but like does this
make sense for the profitability of the
event and like what is the purpose of us
doing this if we're not like translating
a message through and we don't have a
way to monetize it this relationship it
sounds like potentially unlocks that and
also can hopefully then drive through
additional revenue to the organizations
and you know just make everybody make
everybody happy I all that to say I've
been doing a ramble I think that
mastercards brand message works really
really well with pairing with an event
like this and could create some really
cool stuff for us which is you know as a
fan first what I want to get from you
know brand deals in the space is like
how does this make my viewing experience
better yeah I am very excited to see how
that stuff plays out I mean we've
already seen some examples of that
and I'm in terms of like the stuff that
they're gonna be able to do if people
haven't seen it yet like you can go see
a rehearsal of worlds opening ceremony
if you are part of this thing there they
do some I don't know if it's a good way
or if you just get it on their side or
edenia or whatever you can win a chance
to get make it to all starts if you have
your MasterCard in the like as a billing
thing within the legalisms store like
that stuff is really unique integration
so you can't really get elsewhere yeah
I've decided to see how that plays out
yeah the thing that is the biggest
challenge I would say so like if you're
framing if I'm allowed to get like
business here if you're framing the
scope of the relationship and what
drives success for MasterCard and
probably has them happiest and gets them
to stick around and also translates for
the audience is like when you do on-site
stuff it's really cool for those in
person but ultimately in order to drive
the scale of engagement that they're
probably wanting around this
relationship you need to do something
beyond just those who are able to attend
in person the challenge is going to be
for them thinking of how can MasterCard
level up the LCS experience for the
average person
and really create something that drives
a lot of value to just like anybody from
home who's watching or experiencing or
trying to get engaged in some way but
then is real incentive for like all of
us to interact with the brand in a
meaningful way where MasterCard sees
them they're like holy shit like this is
awesome we've created this value
opportunity that drives back for all of
us and now we're getting you know this
appreciation recognition engagement
whatever but that but that's difficult
one because to do it at such a scale and
drive that value and have it not be like
cost prohibitive is like you know
creates a lot of like creative thinking
to be able to solve for that do you
think do you think one way to do that is
to let people buy those like massive car
like chests or whatever I saw your video
of opening one Travis and I saw someone
posts on reddit like a week ago like
what was inside yeah I think it's pretty
cool but only it seems like only content
creators or people who like somewhat
note of notable inosine or getting those
so much yes that's a very I think yes
exactly
there's a big difference between someone
notable and very notable that's that's
what demonstrate hearing but yeah but
something like that maybe like fans
could buy one of those chests and I mean
it's like a kind of a way where it's a
constant reminder of MasterCard
supporting League of Legends where you
have on your room or sign that you know
I mean maybe sure like that's what
you're talking about well I think that
probably what they're going to be
looking for is something that results in
a net effect of the fan engaging with
one of their products like MasterCard is
not in the business of you know building
out these swag chests or whatever right
they are ultimately going to want fans
to engage with one of their card or
payment services and I I don't know the
full MasterCard suite to be honest so I
can't speak to it maybe there's some
maybe there's something new and
potentially that they're trying to push
as well but some sort of direct tie back
into that that or at least like makes
people aware of what they have going on
there and has some sort of call to
action element is probably what they're
looking I mean they said that there's
going to be unique League of Legends
products that you can get in certain
markets coming soon
meaning like a MasterCard League of
Legends yeah like what would what would
be really cool is like yeah if you can
do a custom like you know skin for your
card that riot is exclusive licensing to
MasterCard so like you know when I get
my personalized credit card it has my
favorite champion on it or you know team
branding or something like that that's
only available through MasterCard and
like that's pretty basic stuff but I
mean when you're making a credit card
decision like that I think that can
probably be a driving factor for a lot
of people yeah I don't even think people
make credit card decisions so much as
like huh this credit card is cool I'm
gonna apply for it they're very rarely
do people say I so it you almost have to
create a unique enough experience that
people who already have a credit card or
like haven't thought about getting a
credit card they now have a reason to go
on or like you get you get extra points
for RP purchases or something like that
compared to like other card programs you
know like if I'm if I'm using the Amazon
Prime card and I'm making RP purchases
it gives me like the standard whatever
but if I'm making RP purchases with my
MasterCard you know I get like triple
points or 5x points or something yeah on
my MasterCard which would be really cool
obviously then drives a lot of incentive
back for this is a lot free fucking
consulting that I'm giving right here
it's like right I'm MasterCard I'm
expecting to be brought in and paid for
for this work and these ideas they will
just keep coming this entire time all
I've wanted to ask Kelby is whether or
not he thinks he could have got this
deal for write it no comment
that's a yes oh I see robotic just heard
me
mark discord
hello is it just me or is it everywhere
right no no you're fine
yeah I'm fine so I guess my last point
is you know since the world the kha'zix
cromoz are they're making for every team
in the World Championships right now did
you hear about us coming No okay so just
just so quickly like quick rundown so
basically right right for championship
kha'zix is such it's a championship skin
they've announced this yet right no it's
on PBE you could you could see an image
of all the skins so they made like a
hundred thieves clink it and twitch and
also in our Skype chat wait they did it
for every team that me as well including
ones that Kevin that they did it for
teams that are possibly gonna make
worlds because they wouldn't have enough
time yeah so it's like the colors
represent like the actual teams colors
and okay when they back issue cause Xbox
this shows like a flag of the team right
oh nice this is a nice little like okay
cool yeah yeah continue sorry yes so I'm
just kind curious how do any LCS
franchise team owners feel about this
because these are teams I mean the world
championships obviously is a very big
deal but they invested 10 million well
at least initially 10 million to even be
a part of the franchise system and teams
that weren't a part of this franchise
system got skins before they did and I I
mean I feel like this is probably a step
in the direction where they might make
some kind of like custom skins for like
each team or it's like that or like
something more to our than a frickin
icon for me to support my favorite teams
so what what do you guys think like I
guess a question is like how do you
think any OCS owners feel about the fact
that you know world championship teams
are getting skins before they do and
then also do you think this is something
you're gonna be experimenting with as
like ways for the any LCS to start like
being able to make money off like stuff
in-game or even just like overlays for
example which would be something pretty
eat that's you hard to do I think well I
have a question
do you so you purchase these skins for
RP based on the individual team we don't
know
so they have not announced what the
program is
so who knows if it's like you get if you
own Kazakhs you can equip a like the
team logo or icon and write this like
there's not any details and what the
financial mechanisms are or if there are
right so I think that probably depending
on what the financial mechanisms are
probably is a large determining factor
in whether or not any franchise owners
are annoyed at this I don't I think
regardless probably they're not overly
upset it'll be interesting to see cuz
actually like valve has been doing this
at the international the past couple
years where they didn't cut teams in on
these kind of cosmetics that were ending
up in the Battle pass it seems really
Shady
um I don't want to like get too deep
into it in regards to like thoughts or
opinions one or what this is the Kelly
may who goes I could sell know that
better than Riot Games and then now it
comes in no no it's just because I have
a lot of knowledge of the politics
behind the scenes that go on as far as
like team owners and their interaction
with valve and stuff like that that I
don't want to speak about or again into
the other thing about it as well is that
the the thing about that is that it's
not it's released through a system that
isn't directly monetizable so like I
don't purchase like an eg backing icon
it's something that's unlocked whenever
i purchase a battle pass and i can
choose any of the teams from the
drop-down so that's why i'm asking is
this something where riot is going to
make it available to everybody that i
can choose like a Croma kasich skin from
any of the teams of my liking or am i
making individual purchases because i
think as well and live like the valve
instance that's more you like
justifiable from their standpoint that
they're not directly monetizing team's
brand and they're saying like hey we're
doing this they're doing this prize pool
event it's got 25 million dollars like
you guys are getting compensated in the
decent way for this you know i mean
where it's like riot if you're doing
something that's a wide release and it's
available to everybody then yeah teams
might not be even
getting cut in on the money whereas like
if you're doing individual purchases
then I imagine that they probably are I
don't think the LCS teams care if this
is happening I think they're excited
that right staying a step in the next
direction or right direction and they're
gonna say hey can we do something like
that for LCS right and if right says no
I think that's when they get annoyed but
I don't think they see this launch and
then they're like wait yeah where was
mine right they they probably wanted to
use something even a little bit above
this that is they are definitely
directly monetizing and they can get
like a share of whereas we don't know
what the last Travis said the the
financial economics around this
situation and hey thank you so much
tanks are for your call yeah thank you
guys moving on to the next caller
you were right mark what I enjoyed that
caller very much I'm just pointing to
Kelly I thought you would have had more
to say about the dota 2 thing yeah I'm
not gonna talk about different team
owner stuff Jeff and subbed sir malla
fact it a substitute a chris 23 Icarus
by the way you can reset for $1 during
September night of 0 1802 subbed and
hack 377 subs and then honey badger 9
sent 400 thank you to all those
wonderful individuals I lost about 100
subs over the week so you guys are
helping me climb back up yeah people are
saying mark is just playing Wow
distracted but you can check this chord
and see that's absolutely true wait but
it says you're not okay Connor H 314 is
here Connor where you calling from okay
it turned you up because you were a
little quiet what what do you want to
talk about on the show tonight Connor so
uh I think the LMS is in such a weird
spot I think the line between an
emerging region and a major region
coming blurred but I think that LMS has
done poorly at recent international
event and I think that I definitely
think that they should be call them like
they could almost be like demoted to an
emerging region now I I know that
they're like they're international
results or like they're even worse than
aids really they haven't you know
everybody jokes about oh na groups
Lowell but LMS hasn't made it out of
groups since 2015 at Worlds they even
had a team in 2017 like get knocked out
in the plans like we're far removed from
the world with like Korean killers back
in like season 3 season 4 it we're we're
really far removed from that nice our
weight I feel like we are it's like so
whenever the analysts will talk about
like the LMS it's like mark I'm sorry to
interrupt is this our Tidy Cats call the
evening you know its place I think my
cat took a shit right before the show
really move this into the litter box if
we need to no we're not daddy cats
didn't pay us they got the free
promotion out of that last one they
don't get anymore what do you think
about their MSI results from the last
two years I think they're EMA site like
okay they got semi finals and which is
good but like they don't show up at
Worlds and I feel like world is always
the big ticket like international event
like every year and if you're if we're
really talking about LMS it's always
like the flash would show really and
they're always the ones that MSI's so
they arguably can do well but the rest
of the region sucks so bad it's always a
shit show for the rest of the region
then like they never make it out of
groups and you like maybe hope that
flash wolves does but all right so I'll
give you a little bit more cred and I
think twitch chats giving you I agree
that like that's what happens I I agree
that they sometimes like the rest of the
region doesn't step up enough outside
flash wolves but I don't think you can
just like ignore the fact that flash
wolves does outperform
they pretty frequently last to MSI's
they made it out of groups and we didn't
like I don't think you can just ignore
that completely just because it's not
worlds like I think MSI does matter a
lot to people so unfortunately I think
like if you start talking about
flash wolves in this way you sericata
start looking at em like a name this way
yeah yeah that's I mean we've had one
team out of three make it out they send
two usually they took three last year
but they sent to the year before yeah
yeah so I don't know we also never we
had a year who none of us made it out in
2015 like and he's had some some bad
events too you know they also want a
world championship and they want a world
championship where you mean no season
two isn't even else yes yeah you don't
know yeah we're going real I'm reaching
real far for that yeah even just last
two or three years like they have had
events that have done better than na and
again I had MSI as well that one where
they you know 2016 was all great but I
don't think that they have done so so
much worse than na that like we should
start be called like they should be an
emerging region because then I think I
shot signs the spotlight on us too so
I'm kind of like yeah yeah I feel like
personally just from watching the games
that I have of theirs that I remember
from the last two worlds like I feel
like flash wolves is a much scarier team
than any team we have sent which is only
one team for a region but I just I don't
know I feel like their games are from
what I recall wolves yeah they suck
last year they I maybe was a different
year then yeah I think you think you
Emma sighs their massager was really
scary okay but they're worlds like they
were basically the team that if I
remember they ruined TSM chances so kind
of took him down with them was that age
you know age he was in Group A and
clashes in group two
she right I think to transition leak I
think the line between like blur is like
I said I think it's blurring between
like what an emerging region and a major
region is is I think you have multiple
like regions that are like borderline
like results like Vietnam has been
jetting up for like but like the last
two years I think that LMS and na like
don't do that well usually so it's like
this weird like what we're doing worse
than Vietnam we're not doing worse but
they're like stepping up there as you
might say closing the gap between the
major regions and them so it's like it's
it's really it's weird that's why I say
like the lines boring and I it's hard to
hope like I think it's hard to place
regions on one side or another of like
that line so I agree on that point like
regions like Vietnam LMS and in a kind
of blur things but I don't think I'd
want like despite how much like we kind
of me men a let's not they've ever lost
in planes like if we ever lost in planes
I'd be really fucking concerned about
the future of na I think that's that's
probably a time where you're like Jesus
Christ what's going on with us gumiho
says G Rex will make it out of planes
and a gumiho by the way who a lot of
people might know as ander it's for a
bunch of stuff kind of the the new LMS
expert I feel like has said that if
Alamos never made it out a group said
anything this statement would be fair
but considering they make it out of
groups made a mess of every statement
yeah I think it's the kind of thing
we're like if people want to make this
argument you're also making it about na
yeah which is why I don't want to make
it yeah Hong Kong did lose to Fibonacci
Anna Boch a so I guess we have that
they've LMS has lost in the wild card
planes before but we never have yeah but
let's let's not say that because cloud
nine still in the play on so I don't
want to curse this hey Connor think
let's jinx it thank you sorry
we can I say one last thing sure I was
on the show once before
like Episode six back in like February
with loco Coco and I've got a clip saved
and I hope that I'm right with my
prediction and I yeah I'm hoping what
was the great old one and I'm shaking in
my boots
what was it can you let us back in cuz I
know us are gonna remember I know I uh
well boldly then knowing the Rossler I
thought the rosters of na were like
super good and I was like hype on the
TSM TL train I said that na was gonna
have two teams make it out of groups I'm
possibly have one team go to semis but I
think that's honestly I said I'm shaking
in my boots I don't think that's gonna
happen
but ya know sound like that crate you're
just bringing up your lab that is crazy
that is fun two teams out of groups one
team two semis two two teams out of
groups is like wheat overperformed a
little bit like I don't think getting
two teams out of groups is that that
crazy I think that's good I think that's
a good world for us I'm a hundred
percent agreement that's a good one you
said when you say good world's that's
unprecedented no it's not
2014 it happen oh it did yeah
two quarters okay yeah we do make it out
you took the long trip back home you got
kaboom with Kelby Oh
Alliance yeah wrist rest and fucking
peace did I remember now there's no one
right Cal be kelvins nao Monty twitch
chat says in 2014
Kelby and I were sharing hotel rooms Cal
Beecher very generously was helping me
save some travel costs and he was
working with Alliance then and possible
best wingman there some warded this
story
oh yeah and we mu the engine
Kelby was was like booking I hadn't I
didn't book a hotel room because
I thought we were gonna continue on it
and Korea hi Travis
and then the very end of it kaboom
hit him and so he'll be had to book a
flight back to LA and I had to book a
hotel room it was rough was rough yeah
yeah Connor
thank you so much for the call yeah no
problem I'm done now have a good one so
you did okay wait before you move mark
go ahead I have a little bit of fall I
want to know Tris Chet how crazy on a
scale from zero to ten is na getting two
people out of groups now you've seen the
group draw see this is dinosaur hire man
I feel like it's like a five it's like a
little five it's like a wolf easy do it
Oh crazy sorry wait what's the question
one more time how crazy is it if na gets
two teams out of groups like between
zero and ten like ten being like crazy
world ten is like oh my fucking god
Miracle on Ice I think it's an eight Wow
I think I was that optimistic like I
don't think it's gonna happen like
isalus like five is still half way too
crazy it's still pretty unlikely so
you're saying it's pretty unlikely but
you're rating it a five yeah I feel like
five is a 50-50 chance yeah okay well
that's I said on zero to crazy not like
zero is like expected zeroes unexpected
and good and ten is like oh my fucking
god
ten is like we won worlds Oh ten is as
crazy as it can get we're literally
saying ten is the craziest shit possible
okay than maybe seven yeah I was like
I'm in like that nine territory right
yeah like I don't think you don't you
think if we're get to tease our groups
it's almost the same thing as winning
world well cuz you have to get cloud
nine out of their group unless they like
throw or something 100 team
either get them out of group or 100t has
to do something crazy and you think
teamlink what's gonna come through yeah
but shit can happen like she can go
wrong it in the gauntlet it could happen
I want via the plain stage and then c9
doesn't have to end up in Group E and
can beat the Russians in hockey that's
like nines probably a bit of a stretch
but man did I just I think there's like
if I if I was giving it percentages I
would say like there is maybe a 5%
chance that this happens I think it's
between 5 and 10% chance I'm like I
really pushed to a 7 maybe oh maybe I'll
push to a 7 but like I think 7 9 is like
making semies for me like if we somehow
get two teams out of groups and one of
them somehow gets to semies I'm like
mind fucking blown I think that there
are better odds that we have a team that
goes to semies than two teams going out
of groups well that's interesting
because if TL makes it out they can get
lucky and get a shit team in quarters
but they would have to get it they would
have to be a 1 seed then which i think
is not gonna happen at all versus Katie
I think it's save the best chance to get
a 1 seed from their group probably like
they I think they could I didn't think
it use your quarterfinal matchups if
they get a 2 seed and somehow someone
else over performs like yeah freaka
jokes and somehow flash wolves is the 1
seed yeah I'm liquid Drazen I think
that's way more likely to get a good
quarterfinal matchup than tal beating
Katie sure well I I just think that like
it's it's more likely that TL makes it
out and gets a good quarterfinal matchup
then we have two teams that makes it
you're hoping for what's called an H 2k
mark where it's like oh look we're
playing the wild card team ed quarters
oh yeah that's true that's true
sorry that's good point so you know they
earn that semifinals for sure guys all
right we don't need to pick the brand
now but now that we got Calvi back I and
we we don't have a spa
sir for this episode of the lunge which
Prime which only you guys don't want to
throw that in there
I think we should come up with another
brand before the end of the show to
Hotline league pitch again what the fuck
what we're all in on Tidy Cats the tiny
cats thing isn't happening
they did they did not even worse oh no
no they did not even respond like there
was nothing tiny cat we we're churning
sponsors so that we could try it like
wait we need to throw look I believe a
lot of hockey is wrong your sales
strategy is wrong Travis Holly is not
going to burst through an impenetrable
wall you got to throw everything at the
wall and see what sticks you're an
expert in sales how useful is hate mail
let's we're not sitting about the Teddy
cats
yeah we're not gonna bully them into
sponsoring hey hey I'm naive no stupid
questions right right
who else say who else I just I don't
even think Tidy Cats is not monitoring
their Twitter enough for it there's some
like my keep wanting to get the jurors
in those guys are all that's too easy I
got sick feet so once I was I'm not a
fan all right whatever Kelly just said
definitely made sure that we're not
gonna get clip it tweet it at DiGiorno's
let him know it's so good he got sick
yeah I mean this pizza is sick all right
well we just killed the desert oh tat so
I'm gonna be nocturnal for a month and I
would love some free microwavable food
for late night okay twit okay
twitch chat now Wendy's there's too many
people trying to get at Wendy's dude
that's like the hottest girl yeah that's
no chance yeah twitch tech come up with
some brands mark is gonna go get another
caller for us as we move along guys hot
pockets and pizza rolls come on
try to be just aspire to be a little bit
of a classier group of people here oh
yeah all right we we don't need Bagel
Bites coke come on fuck on alright don't
play into that stereotype shit you guys
are ridiculous
get something good here all right
Tesla alright we're not going for that
Trojan again no sex sponsors what why
not sir
safe sex is important Travis do you know
that safe sex is way more effective in
the public school system than abstinence
only education granny smith apples
people are just naming the things that
are sitting on the table
tinder already is any sports Morton Salt
more insults a good one but I don't
think like salt sells itself they don't
nearly need to do much marketing that's
what she thanked you all right
Planned Parenthood we're moving on
prayed or prayed or is here what do you
want to talk about or where you come
from prayed or from vid land holy moly
what time is it in Finland oh past seven
well welcome to the show is it
I hear Finland is very cold actually
summer was quite warm here okay looks
like it Celsius outside okay I would
like to come there sometime Finland I've
heard good things
what do you want to talk about in the
show tonight that is West only chance to
make soap for this Wells phonetic is the
West only chance to make top four volts
I am NOT surprised to hear a person from
Finland coming up with this take this is
a very appropriate take for a Finland
person why why fanatic well they have
only group that they can actually make
first in my mud team liquid could get
second and then maybe beat fnatic or
flash wolf but it's not that likely and
in capsizes is the best player in the
West and actually can carry that team to
the top four in my mind okay so the sofa
nag has the best chance at making top
seed which gives
the best chance of getting a good
matchup in quarters and you don't think
any of the other two don't believe in
Team Liquid why because their group or
because the team are both basically I
don't believe in Team Liquid that much
and then they have Katie which is like
favorites doing the worlds in my mind oh
yeah okay why Katie because I hear a lot
of people say like orangey or Genji
about why Katie they individual
challenge can mask actually orangey in
my mind and even be better and holdout
bowplane with theft and matza against
rng yeah which is around just win
condition any moment mm-hmm why says the
stream the other day I and I someone
agree with you on the the Katie
teamliquid thing because you know double
if doli they had a hard time with deftly
and and Matt so I don't know how they're
gonna do against deaf to Mata
you know like that's that's a joke well
but do you deft and Mata play
Heimerdinger maybe they will have worlds
I don't know I mean this guy is right
can we just move on
I mean do you agree with talk about why
we both agree yeah all right go for it I
think fnatic first IG is a little scary
but rookie feels like one of those
players who can go pretty boom or bust
your webcam turned off what the fuck
dude
right now it's now it's not that we're a
webcam you have multiple cams III agree
because I think that like if I look at
the Western teams and their groups and
who like they have the best matchup
against as far as like who the
competition for the number one spot is I
think that fnatic against IG from what I
know is probably the best chance of them
like sniping the number one spot and
then I think that sniping the number one
spot is what's obviously most important
as far as determining you having a good
quarterfinals match up and putting
yourself in a position
where you get an easier trip to semis
which is what we're talking about right
and fnatic I think also yeah they have
super good players like individually
very strong
I think caps is like like this is like
potentially like his moment like his
worlds to really like step up and
perform at an international level and
yeah I I don't think there's anybody but
freighters only prettier your ticket was
not that they were the best chance but
they are the only chance right right
yeah that's true
maybe Team Liquid has to like 1% to wane
Katie and TPM well that's a generous
gift that you gave us 1% we couldn't get
two out of you just one I I think team
liquids that like six lever set up one
and a half okay we'll split the
difference one and a half percent chance
team look we could make it that's that's
polite are we talking about one percent
chance of all realities or like when you
say between fnatic reality yeah well I
just mean like fnatic vs. TLO who's more
likely to make you because I think like
probably love one percent of the time
Team Liquid and all realities makes it
but like I think compared to fnatic
there may be like a 10-15 percent chance
all right
I don't want to talk about the
multiverse on this show I think this
starts to make the predictions a little
complicated but parallel timelines yeah
come on Travis OC your first time
talking about the multiverse couple
you've been using that voice way too
much lately
he is started he started making fun of
people playing Wow on discord with us
would never and then he and specifically
about oh if those people were able to
yeah enjoy casual tropiclean shows
anyway as so now he's just gone into it
either way it's actually it's actually
how I normally speak I talk in a voice
for you guys
all the time like this so possibilities
right team liquid gets first seed by
some insane chance and then they can
hopefully pick a couple the weaker two
seeds or fnatic it's the one seed team
legal gets the to see and Team Liquid
gets fnatic when we get the head-to-head
rematch I think that'd be the dopest
timeline yeah I agree
the only problem is for you fans n is
that any fans would like twist it in
their mind would but they're like fnatic
had such an easy road to semies all they
had to do was beat us and then they shit
on themselves while shitting on you dude
I would love an NAU quarterfinal matchup
where one of them goes to Sammy's I
think I think it sounds really like hype
but I still think it'd be so funny
hearing the other region call the other
region not good because all they had to
do is beat themselves like yeah yeah I
think I think a neighbor's EU to get the
same as would be hype as fuck I so I'm
gonna take I don't think I disagree with
parade or that fnatic is the West's only
chance
I think anything could happen and I
think specifically team like we could do
something to get there their ways he
didn't say fnatic is the best chance he
said they are the only chance I know
right so I asked you this is my summary
of Travis this show guys
anything could happen I'm gonna take the
most neutral least controversial get me
the show I've only know I've only done
that once well you know that's because
the point was is this the only way this
can happen no earlier you were we were
talking about the hundred t thing you
are like I don't think but I want to say
in case this ends up on reddit you know
that I think that anything could happen
so Travis specifically do you think your
mind are the West best chance for
attendees let me look at the groups
we're gonna pull their team fatality
that's basically what about clutch I do
you think clutch which is the best
chance for the West
I know vitality I do think they have a
lot of vitality and that's what you're
gonna need to be able to get through an
8a grind for groups to be fair for
vitality like anything could happen
right like what if everybody on Genji
and orangey all got food poisoning for
the entire group stage fnatic or TL
Travis I don't make me say this work
don't make me say it
please don't it will say we just say
fnatic we also fnatic I love you Peter
fnatic has a better chance of making
semis you know what as always as always
North America got screwed on the group
draw and I think I think when you
consider in the factors of you know how
we got screwed on the group draw fnatic
is you know we've got the easier path
why was that like pulling teeth
do you love double if that much no I
want North America actually do well for
one fucking year mark is that so hard to
believe
well somebody could like it could be
hopeful for North America just fanatics
more likely yeah if we have low
expectations we can't be hurt that much
you know all right you won pray Dorian
he called in you asserted your Big E you
dick dominance over these na plebs but
we're coming we're coming for your
talent the offseason Steve's coming with
that checkbook I want to see craps other
than a team next year a different word
what
from us really good in an NA uniform
okay traitor just remember the better
your teams do the more in demand they'll
be in North America okay so yes every
time every time you're you're one of
your team's gets a win just realize
that's another zero that they're adding
to the check the salary for that player
yeah Bray Dora thank you so much for the
call thank you
have a good one before chest saying take
Matthew back
tl caps boggers hot hot swap okay moving
on to the next caller a couple of shout
outs where were we
fishy threats I think I haven't done
okay wishy thrush sent 400 bits all day
every day three months great war 666 was
the sub slew Dee chummy reset for six
months oh gee Maru subbed quickie girl
69 flurry Korean vibes with girlish
Menace resources what do you glue and
then Kevin donate $10 each other
wondering if you could start Heartland
again an earlier time for people in the
Eastern time zone from Louisville Kate
we've tried it earlier and the
viewership is not as good glue licks is
here Lou licks how's it going you're
very quiet can you get a little closer
to microphone yeah that's way better I
also turned you up so I think the
combination worked well where are you
calling from
I'm calling from Alabama actually
Alabama okay
did you know that that is the first
state alphabetically in the listing of
all 50 states yes I didn't know that
well we've all learned a lot tonight we
like silence where would you what what
would you like to talk about my show
tonight um kind of in contrary to the
last color I feel
fanatic is a bit overhyped like 2068 TSM
was um they got a group where they drew
IG and I keep barely lost orangey and
spring and summer and fanatics overall
record against RNG is very poor I think
they've only won one game and ever if
tribals they beat a water in my opinion
a watered down a hundred thieves with
brandini and Levi and I feel like some
days just a better top laner than
brandini no offense to him but yeah and
also I feel like Levi may have may have
had some communication issues with
English not being his first language so
I think 100 thieves may be a lot
stronger and MSI they dropped a game to
Evo's so I think it's not too crazy that
fnatic drops a game - I guess grx or the
international wildcard so I was just
wondering your guy's opinion on fnatic
being a bit overhyped do you what I
agree when I think is overhyped e-liquid
is our best chance to make it the
quarters III don't know what I was
thinking
oh you're completely right I don't know
I don't know I'm paper fnatic looks I
think they look pretty good but just I
just have a weird feeling about it so
one thing that I saw that was a little
scary to me when I was digging into
fnatic was that they actually had a
negative fifteen hundred gold
differential at ten or fifteen in
playoffs which is a little scary
now hundred thieves is not the team to
exploit that at all they suck but I
could see a world where like yeah okay i
g2 owes them maybe somehow hundred
thieves just plays in close one time and
then like maybe they get kaboom because
remember group DS number one it has
never gotten out or maybe it's the last
three years hasn't gotten out never done
that I feel like best alignment is very
volatile so I can see a world more like
yeah some wild-card team comes in does
some crazy shit because you look at
Albus knocks what they did two years ago
or even just last year what a gigabyte
Marines did to him because they're like
I didn't know that they were gonna do
weird shit like did you watch it a man
at MSI uh genetics
last world's their first week
performance was pretty god-awful so you
know I just I feel like they may be
overhyped
to say the least um so either way I can
see a world where they're overhyped but
I don't I don't I don't know if I'm
there with you I need to there's a
couple like there's a couple of red
flags maybe that I think you can point
to with this team but I don't I don't
think I'm quite ready to be like yup
hundred thieves getting out over them
I'm not saying they do you get out over
- thieves does get out of over fnatic
I'm I'm just saying there is that
possibility that because like in 2016
everybody was like oh TSM you know
they're gonna get out they're gonna get
out but look what happens
yeah does that would that mean that
Europe is a really poor region then if
the best team from EU is not that good
well also to be fair like the negative
fifteen hundred gold CSD like they also
won on average in 30 minutes like they
would shit on people in the mid game as
well as effective like SKT last year
made it to finals and they had a similar
stat as well heading into World
Championships I mean obviously the
Korean team so negative fifteen hundred
versus Korean teams isn't as concerning
going up against other regions but I'm
just saying that like teams sometimes
are not great early game teams and it's
not like the end of the world for them
because they know how to come back I
know feels like one of those teams I
know this isn't directly related to this
but it's on my mind right now I just
want to ask so I don't I don't feel bad
about it is there a world where cloud 9
ends up in Group B and makes it out
pretty much know of everything we've
talked about tonight that is the least
likely thing to have happen I think
yeah I agree everything we've talked
about tonight outside of me saying like
any winning world's is a 10 on crazy
like c9 getting into Group E and getting
out is is yeah is up there
why because one c9 has to make it there
they have to pick up the wins that they
quote unquote should get against
vitality which you know who knows if
they're even expected to be favorites
against vitality I'm not convinced
depending on what they do with their
roster and if blabbers playing well or
not because we've seen him choke and
playoffs a little bit then you have to
figure your factor that the best Chinese
team and arguably the best team in the
world
RNG is gonna choke or Genji the previous
world champions and like super talented
hard badass motherfuckers who like as
things get more and more tense they seem
to do better are gonna choke
have you seen hazel beard though it's
he's you're talking about hard badass
motherfuckers I know I just hope all is
amnesia town man it's just I mean it's
just I don't like writing them off so
early I feel like there's got to be some
crazy thing that could happen you know
it's world's crazy thing could happen
right just leaving it to it okay if
kelvins gonna make this claim why not
I'll be that guy yeah yeah I think yeah
I don't think fanatics overrated I'm not
even convinced you know and as a like
favorite verse vitality and then you're
telling me that they're also gonna beat
one of these other two what happens
every single year at Worlds guys and
they get shit on yeah and in the second
week see you do in the second week
margin second week I would say
significantly better use every time well
you made semi lot misfits look so
fucking good last year actually like
they took SKT to Game five and
juda one see that was up two to one
against who
w e they're not as impressive we're all
delete then world elite make the final
SKT the play cart poop they miss her she
made the fight o3o they got three owed
by the team that three Oh W what's your
point
faker bad player I don't think you can
make a case that SKT was demonstrably
better than w/e I mean I'm not gonna
argue with you about team strength mark
like that's just you know that's a
losing that's a losing battle
but I I'm sayin historically there's a
trend with Europe performing better I
don't think that I think that fnatic
looks really good I not to mean I'm not
I'm actually not gonna meme on this one
I just cuz I cuz I'm so serious about
how I think that I don't enjoy I have a
lot of belief in phonetic and I have
zero belief in hunter T none I think
that those games are gonna be shit
stomps damn you think they like roll
them yes I think that fnatic is juiced
this way I think I think they're coming
in super highly motivated and I just
have a gut feeling a hunter T's
motivation level is like man and that
fnatic is gonna see 100 T and you put
the fucking boot on the throat and you
just push down because EU loves to beat
na - what is this like you you fuckin
shit on EU all year and then world's
comes around and you're you're riding
the BIC yes you know why because because
you wanna get clipped
no no because this is important alright
when I got that I'm not a team owner but
I got the team on her mindset you know
the EU players they're washing back
through the clips and you know when
you're when you're approaching them in
the offseason you're like dude I know
you've got the sauce you need to come
here man this is like we can do it this
is the vision you know but no in all
honesty like there there's there's
better I've never denied that they're
better I've just always said that we
would just buy them out and that's fine
because then they'll come to na they're
our farm system
I really appreciate what Europe develops
for North American viewers
I think they've produced a lot of great
talents for us and I really appreciate
it I want them to keep that legacy going
what happens if Europe stop producing 75
those teams for na is this is also
assuming n 8 in circus and now I'm going
on the mean path because you took me
here yeah
is there anything stylistically that
fnatic does that you say they'll stomp
on your thieves yeah individually I
think that so like I don't think that
someday is gonna like walk all over top
lane and I think that amid and bots are
just gonna like shit on 100 T n matchups
like a Blake doublelift in LA I would
probably say are like on equivalent
level two fanatics balling or maybe even
people would say fanatics balling it's
better
dolphin la gave a hundred tees bot Lane
the dee da dee just completely put them
into the ground and then you have caps
well I think everybody is saying is like
vestment in the West a best player in
the West and he's going up against who
are you yeah that's my yeah real yeah
just no just the only point I'll contest
with Kelby in the hole and these they're
super slow like like Mark was saying
sorry to interrupt you mark I know it's
been a trend tonight but as Mark was
saying stylistically they're not
exploitative of fanatics biggest
weakness because they play so slow you
need to get fanatic early and they're
not the team to get fanatic early so
you're gonna match up against fnatic in
their best part of the game and they're
just gonna and they're just way better
than you 100 T is the fourth best team
going to Europe or going to Worlds from
North America teamliquid wrote their
fuckin ticket the only point I'm gonna
change in this little rant that Kelly I
was reckless is really good he's just
not Lane dominant Easy's likes vet
so I don't think they'll shit on hundred
thieves bot lane because hundred thews
bot Lane plays pretty safe so I think
you'll see both bottlings play really
safe so I think will happen is nothing
will happen unless it's caps shitting on
mid lane with the jungler with Brock's
ax and then if that doesn't happen
come 15-20 minutes if n actually starts
making plays all over the map on them
yeah so I agree
I think fanatical shit but I will say
it's worlds and anything gonna alright
glue looks thank you so much for the
call alright before we move on one mark
do we ever like the viewer reward system
setting in the queue what at the top a
topic about the new viewer reward system
that writes putting up no we don't have
one no one talked no one talked about
that ok well maybe we'll talk about at
the end of the show so that's good to
know secondly I just wanted to address
this did you guys see the interview with
quick shot that's on the subreddit yes
well I didn't watch it I rarely read
comments I read his like clip out that
everyone was talking know Kelvin know
the quote in this is yeah I would really
like to dispel that the decision was
made because of budget and that it is
about money alright that's the headline
what are we talking about this is
although the sorry that world's
production is taking place in North
America yeah yeah and Kwik shop did an
interview and like in it he said that
yeah he said that our and then he
follows it up with there's more to
unpack one of the big things I would
like to spell was that the decision was
made because of budget and then it is
about money one of the big reasons we're
doing this is to stay localizing this
time in LAX because we have a phenomenal
control room and seen amount of tech
tools hardware software in a centralized
location that we've invested millions of
dollars into he goes on and he says you
know blah blah you have to rent millions
of dollars of hardware for weeks and
weeks on end to produce shows think
about the graphics packages
lighting controls etc do you know what
kind of software you need to root for
all that the reason I really want to try
to hop on the production side is that
people don't really think about what
goes on
there's all these staff all these people
you have to uplift their lives and
travel five weeks to go to Korea China
and then you have to like he goes in at
some point in time he says like you have
to house these people or something he
has to get like hotel rooms or something
it's just very funny because he
basically got roasted by reddit because
he goes I'd like to dispel the myth that
it's all about budget and it's about
money and then just talks about money
and then just talks about budget and
money now later on to other riot
employees already come out and say that
it's about money yeah so Quickshot says
later on to the thread later on cumin
lay ahead sorry go ahead
later on cameras read and said i 100%
could have made this point a little bit
more clear it's not about money only the
size of our broadcast team the hardware
the impact on personal lives the comfort
of tools and systems people work on
every single LCS week there's a lot more
to consider and that was the main thing
I was hoping to get across I just think
it's really funny like I get that it's
nice to not have to send people across
the world but in my mind you're gonna
have these people working at like 4:00
in the morning like their whole schedule
is gonna get turned around you can tell
me what's that mark I said I love it
yeah
yeah who iced barks at home dude you
cannot tell me that putting all your
production stuff with their families and
their lives right on a like I sleep
during the day and then wake up and
start going to the studio at night and
I'm there all night long and I come back
home and sleep that is not uprooting
your lives with your families and all
that stuff so I just I I wanted to call
this out on a hotline leak because I
think it's such bullshit whenever people
try to say that this is about all these
other things like it is it like to the
extent that then you get called out and
you have to say oh yeah it's not about
money only so here's the thing yes you
can say that it's not about money only
because there are always going to be
extra things you can like come up with
like huh well there's like this added
benefit and this had a benefit
and this added benefit but that's not
why this is happening it's happening
because of money so it just it it drives
me crazy because it's just very
disingenuous you know like they are now
put in this situation because of Vettius
who said on stream that's about money
otherwise they would have pretended the
entire time that it wasn't about money
and it drives me crazy so wait you love
Vettius then no I don't love videos I
just think it's hilarious everything
like Vettius was like the hero in this
no no I don't think is the hero I'm
saying that like riot got cut with her
foot in their mouth and now they have to
own up to the fact that it is somewhat
about money and I think that they would
have tried to pass this off as if it
wasn't money the entire time like this
was all part of the plan but like I just
don't I don't buy it you are flying
European casters and people to LA to
cast like in the middle of the night
that is what you are doing they are
operating their lives I just I don't buy
it I don't buy that this is like oh
somehow such a better system that we've
come up with it's just it drives me
crazy company who was the other guy you
said - I vote Erik was right this is
that's his yeah Derek yeah yeah which I
think it's like I mean I just think that
probably here quick shot got caught in
like some poor phrasing where like I can
totally understand like and you know
yeah in the company he's being the
company guy is coming out and saying
like hey guys it's not just a budget
thing there are other things to consider
and the way that he said it originally
it sounds like this statement it sounds
too much like oh it's not a budget thing
at all yeah and that look that's fine I
I don't mean to and like this is you
know I don't know where this is gonna go
or what's gonna happen but or if it'll
just be YouTube comments or something or
if quick shot we'll see this later I
don't mean to like call out quick shot
even though I get that that's how it is
my frustration is not with quick shot my
frustration is with the way
that this has been packaged up and
presented because you kind of tried like
my frustration is at the messaging
because I've seen this inaudible places
yeah
the messaging is oh well we don't want
to have to uproot and travel all these
people but like you you are sticking
them on a crazy-ass schedule like and
that doesn't get responded to all right
like great you have this great control
room you can get those tools elsewhere
you're referencing that you can you can
buy it you can like rent that stuff so
the real thing that you're really
leaning on is that you don't want to
uproot all these people and it's like
better experience for a broadcast crew I
just don't see how it is you're putting
them on a very unnatural schedule
they're like going to sleep when the Sun
is coming up and then meanwhile you've
got your casters casting in empty rooms
yeah like I just don't get it
riot is making the hundred tea mistake
right now or made the hunter team
mistake or didn't even do it but like
how the unfortunate circumstances of
dealing with the the fallout from the
Vettius thing of like not controlling
the messaging around something that's
actually really important like a hundred
tea doesn't control the messaging around
their roster things and they let players
go out and say whatever and riot
unfortunately thanks to two Vettius is
common that getting the traction and
then also not responding appropriately
is now I think dealing with a much
harder situation than if they would have
just like initially come out and said
hey this is the change this is the logic
behind it
cons pros yeah hope you guys understand
we're excited for worlds so Alex
Shepherd 99 says Travis caverns is a
personification of Reddit bronze
critique of riot and then I see other
people in here who say Oh Matt good he
says chill I go to sleep as the Sun
rises - we've got a couple of colors we
got to get through in the next 15
minutes but I have an open invitation
here if you feel like this is a good
decision call in and let's talk about it
oh boy let me tell you about Travis why
I love it I get to go home and sleep in
my bed every night yeah I enjoy being
nocturnal the end mark they'd ever send
you to world so anyway this is a
changing
ah wait but are you not going to Worlds
this here mark mark can't say anything
because he's oh the broadcast talent
hasn't been announced yet okay secondly
not trying to get they don't they don't
normally send him to world so usually
like he they they bring in the full-time
employees mark I think you're worthy of
going the world's me to you I think I'm
better than every single other person
who appears on camera for Riot Games
it's not about being better I just think
that you're worthy of going you know
what I mean yeah yeah we'll see this
time yeah I live right down the street
right let me know gwg was chaos this
last thing I'll say before grab the next
person not to defend riot because I
think they are wrong for not being on
site but I think grossly underestimate
just how expensive is to have to rent
all that equipment and use all that
equipment on site
I do not underestimate it at all while I
was at Yahoo I learned tremendous
amounts of information about just the
obscene cost that it takes to get a
satellite truck to get the equipment etc
my frustration again is that this is
being presented or that this is being
presented as more than a cost-saving
thing it's fine if it's cross saving
thing I disagree with it but like at
least it's a understood as a cost saving
thing I just disagree with sort of the
other ways in which this has been
presented anyway let's move on to the
next caller all right you want to go
grab somebody let's see fall in time
subbed with a twitch twitch sub double
jjs subbed with twitch prime rush come
home bible thump for 10 months I love
that lonely link HS has subbed mister
man 3 subbed and I am Elvis for resale
for seven months great show you started
on time also this result was in hopes
for kalbi to share the world story from
being number one we man it was an inside
joke I don't know anything way it's not
there's no story there
we've got dough jus the Mojo a lie to
people Travis you can just say that
you're not comfortable with that story
being Kelly we're trying to move on to
the next color
yeah somebody same come
home rush subbed dojo of the Mojo is
calling where you calling from Joe Joe
Joe Dallas Texas Dallas Texas and what
do you want to talk about in the show
tonight yeah so I wanted to talk about
c9s eventual decision on a six-man
roster and specifically that I think it
would be best if they left's been
scaring off of it
I have a couple reasons for this the
first is that them that it seems like
it's moving in more of a skirmishing
direction with things like Thresh and
pike getting bas assassins being higher
priority and also champions like zillion
and Gallio the enable aggressive team
comps to be played more effectively
being picked for and I think bladder
being strong on champions like Nocturne
kindred Camille and things of that
nature which spin has not shown to be as
effective on is more conducive to c9
succeeding and then the other reason is
that we've seen with blabbers play style
that he can play around all three lanes
in a more proactive manner than spin can
especially around like a topside for
sure we saw it in the regular season and
then again in the gauntlet with like
that Nocturne head combo that was just
disgusting
rest in peace headband but yeah just
because of his ability to be more
proactive around all ends and play Gary
carry junglers and just sort of be more
in-your-face
yeah I think he was c9 a better chance
to succeed and like force other teams to
play more defensive and place more
defensive vision and like that limits
their proactive Kelvin so you want to
leave golden blue at home right no he
wants to take on glue right he wants to
leave some excuse me he wants to leave
spine at home yeah he wants to take the
one glue yeah that's so risky yeah cuz
cuz from what we saw out of everything
from the end of the season when both
people were kind of getting some playing
time in the regular season through
playoffs and gauntlet I think I agree
with what you're saying well exceed nine
absolutely looks their best when blabber
is performing but
seeing him struggle and playoffs a
little bit we've seen golden glue
struggle and playoffs we've seen Jensen
look completely fine in all situations
and we've also seen golden blue shampoo
is not super different whereas it does
feel like spent and blabbered do you
have those two very different shampoos
so to me I don't think I agree I think
blabber
I think if c9 have any chance of making
noise at Worlds and like doing shit it's
gonna be off the fact that blabbers
steps up and has a contracts s
performance like we saw last year when
contract was only as real and graves in
the jungle and if you can't do that I
don't think this offense Karen roster is
like inventive enough and crazy enough
to do stuff but I still think he brings
fan on the off chance that like you know
he chokes he's just not playing well and
you have to swap things up so I think
Jensen looks like he works well with
both right right i I guess my one kind
point that would be the golden glue had
a winning record in the playoffs in
Jensen not Jensen went one in four and
going glue was two and one like he
played those three games on malzahar and
looked pretty good actually you could
say the same thing with blabber
basically blabber lost a buncha games
and playoffs too but then what about the
gauntlet that was genzler as well yeah
yeah Jensen just look at God yeah yeah
yeah I don't care about a win rate when
you're talking about pods right so like
what's his name
blabber was like 1 in 4 or 0 and 3 in
the games that he was playing and Jensen
was like five and one so I don't care
that Jensen lost those games when his
jungler was was doing nothing that we
had seen out of him for the first eight
games he played I don't hold that
against Jensen so I don't think the win
race should matter very much of that
regardless I think that c9 is impacted
the most by the limit to the roster in
going to Worlds and it's kind of its
kind of sad for me that I feel like all
those guys deserve to go and they're not
all gonna get to go
I really wish that they could all go but
you know it is what it is I mean this is
a lot of rosters that had pretty big
lineups
yeah but they like actually like rotated
like at least an na c9 like use the dump
their roster more than anybody else by
far well definitely I mean I think no
one will dispute the fact that in North
America there are the ones that are
disadvantaged by the rule but I know I
know I I guess my only take on this
topic would be I think heading into
Worlds you've seen golden glue starts to
show like a glimmer of coming out of
sort of like the weird shell that he or
the community or everybody had put them
in I don't know if that's enough to
[Music]
bring him instead of spending has far
more international experience especially
whenever Jensen is generally considered
like a pretty consistent strong mid
laner I don't know it feels like a too
big of a risk to sort of make that
decision so I don't that is my take dojo
thank you so much for your call we have
to hurry along because we got three more
colors but I will I want to thank you
the one thing to throw in here at the
end is I just think you know it sounds
like based on what we heard in the
regular season in the playoffs it sounds
like they're pretty they use scrim
results pretty heavily and who they
decide to use so like if blabber goes
and they're screaming good international
teams and blabbers popping off and doing
well I could see a world where they're
just like blabber we 100% believe in you
you're the guy we're bringing Jensen and
golden glue but that would
hundred-percent hinge on how scrims went
Alex Shepherd 99 donated $5 and says
this is a spicy continent except for
mark bring our next victim
alrighty wait did you add someone to it
I mean I extended an open invitation and
somebody took me up on it all right
last then okay as Marcus getting the
next caller wondering when Skype is
blinking
how's it going twitch chat just want to
say I really appreciate all you guys
you're the best
you make this show so fun hey noxus here
Knox where you calling from
it was st. Louis I another singlet it
seems like we're getting a lot of calls
from the same area Knox what do you want
to talk about in the show tonight a lot
of hot takes so let's just drop one c9
is gonna be the only one making it so
semi is because of their innovation like
Katt chrome top silly and kindred and
you can't really plan for that and a
best of one you can't a best of five so
I think they'll make some buddies I
don't think they'll win it let's say are
you trolling us dude it's okay like if
you got on the show and like you know
you're just like hey I made it on air
look thing it's gonna be really funny
we're trolling you know Mark and Kobe
and Travis and see how they take it
that's fine you got us no Knox is
without thinking the reason behind that
is because I think like don't get me
wrong I think doublelift is an amazing
player but I think overall like Team
Liquid there - one style and I think too
many teams can beat them at their one
style where it's get double-a fed and
protect them I think a lot of the teams
can't beat them at their own style take
advantage of mid and top I think Exmouth
he's actually gonna do really well and
just be consistent and then as has been
said with the hundred thief hate chat
too slow so unless they step that up and
someday just goes god mode kind of
coming out a little bit less but but how
does can I make it out of their group I
think they're gonna have like some
surprise pics and kind of cheese their
way out who doesn't like cheese cheese
their way out of an orangey Genji this
is very intimating which which who does
it make it Genji oranges
I'm gonna go RG oranjee doesn't make it
[Applause]
and then so wait are they getting first
in the group or are they gonna get
second and then beat a one seed from
another group they'd be the one seed
okay
so they are beating aren't there they're
making it into the groupie they're
beating RNG through their next level
cheese after getting three owed by TL in
the final and then they are beating the
one seed from another group in the
quarterfinals to make its enemies and
that's only dependent on like blabber
continues what he did in gauntlet and
not what he did against TSM so it's all
day songs like blabber your bed and
being on blabbering yeah you know they
told rookie no rush or anything you
would have mark you would have been able
to like get me excited if you said like
I think some funny shirts gonna
happening gauntlet and somehow c9 won't
get into group even plans
alright excuse me players right maybe
but that's kind of I think the most
likely if they don't that's also like
they could kind of purposely lose I
don't know if that's a thing they would
even think about Knox what do you think
is the likelihood of your scenario
arising 30 Puri 30 percent what it
basically a one in three shot
how much Cena I emergency you own yeah
did they have God immortals you've got
immortals it's an old immortals merch
are you don't believe it okay sorry come
on I will agree with Knox is saying like
they have the weirdest play style and
like they'll pull out new shit more so
than any other team like hundreds of you
can see are super like this is how we
play the game yada yeah yeah yeah you're
good and that's not really great for
surprising people in the best of one
like Team Liquid is basically gonna be
like you know like a stat check boss
like if they can beat whoever comes out
and mad and they don't joke they should
be fine c9 is the team that can actually
like pull up sets against teams better
than them and hundreds using teal I
don't really think can read that often
but like sure yeah I don't think group
be like you like though you have to pull
off crazy ass upsets not just like once
and then you can beat a bunch of teams
underneath you like there is no one
underneath you coming in there's no free
wins for C not in group yeah tl might
get some free wins 100 feet
might get some free winds paying on who
shows ups like that's where you lose me
not that like c9 I would say soon I
might be the best chance of upsetting
someone of all the North American teams
in a best of one shirt but to do it over
six games it's just ah no no no Knox how
do you think Knox I really prepare for
them kind of how can can you expression
when you don't know the roster I don't
think they need to write like Knox how
do you how do you think that Uzi and
sneaky matchup is gonna go that depends
on Jaisal completely okay and kind of
keep it even then suddenly like as long
as they don't just feed their ass off no
I agree as long as you know mark we need
to start keeping cow collars accountable
man mark we're a lot of calls in opinion
mark mark Knox pizza that 30% what do
you pit this scenario at what's their
percentage on it
didn't I say earlier that like c9
getting out of groups was one of the
craziest things we had said that on the
night yeah so they're getting out are
Angie's not going and CNN's getting out
in the first scene almost like
forgetting all the stipulations like
first see and this team I mean just just
seen on getting out at all to me is like
1 percent of lower probably can I ask
you a hypothetical mark sure what do you
think is more likely c9 making semis or
TL making finals see and I'm making
semies because if c9 can get out of the
group they're probably good enough to
beat a lot of other than one seeds yeah
but that's like a big this is like the
whole clutch making waves at Worlds
thing like they have to make it to
Worlds to make waves right well I just
don't think which is a be
Giff yeah I just I don't see a North
American team making finals at all well
yeah yeah I don't see c9 making 70s
well like I can see a world where like
crazy shit happens and somehow c-
free-riding quarters and then when you
get to Sammy's like you're legitimately
always going up against such a monstrous
team in semies yeah and I'd like I'm
asking you to evaluate their wedding
settings at all they'll probably get
stopped this is IC this is so
interesting because you think that
they're good enough to make it out of
the group and beat a one-seed which
means like that they're just good why
stop it yeah I wouldn't if they can beat
orangey I was gonna be like just
absolute destroying them to be fair to
Knox he did say that they would do well
because they're hard to plan for and
best of one so maybe he starts losing
faith in the best-of-five but I don't
know dude just the pressure on blabber
and asel and even liquorice like weak
everyone I think even means forgetting
liquorice is still a rookie like these
guys have never really played on the big
stage until finals oh now he's way out
of it everything before this is fine but
he's like well they weren't rookies so
Travis what do you think are the odds of
this happening are you willing to take
it to fitness
Kelby let me tell you Peter he said you
know the odds of us making I think
finals or semifinals just something that
he said in the interview that I did with
him after he wasn't summer finals he
said it would be a miracle but you know
what he said after that held me he said
but it's worlds miracles happen at
Worlds and so that's what I'm saying
anything could happen
Knox's in oxes position here it's it's
fine by the way I just want to say by
the way I do well what about TPA I do
want to say by the way that this is why
this is this show is the best this shows
the best because on the diet there's
gonna be like really
boring standard like oh yeah groupie
clowns gonna have our time alright this
is the only show where you get shit like
30% chance of Devon beating RNG waking
it out of first okay like this this is
where you get the fun stuff yes this is
where like the fans still like you feel
the passion and the love for their it
seemed like everyone who called in like
the Finnish guy was like fucking
fanatics gonna make semies the
direwolves OPL guy is like yeah we're
gonna do great now we got the NAC knife
and we're gonna fucking kill it like
this is what I love about fandom that
like you said you just don't get on that
other shitty show the dive yeah oh
I mean Knox I will say this is a
fantastic conversation topic I just
think you crazy
hey Knox thank you so much for calling
him and by the way by the way
congratulations on when you inevitably
are right and ever this is like the
number one thing I'm really wasn't
separated you will just be like
everybody else who's wrong and never
never brings thanks to you now clip it
I'll be back and show like the
disappointed and the hurt feelings yeah
yeah
alright I'll catch you later that's what
you think
swinging for the fences that's the nice
thing about being a family when you have
a crazy prediction like this is like
when you get it right it gets posted on
a subreddit like three more times over
the course of the year like that fucking
guy who was like tsm's not making finals
at all this year yeah
was that champloo I forget but there was
somebody who also said that what was a
there's some take that I clipped out
about how c9 wasn't going to make it
into playoffs and that one got linked
around a little bit too by the way
sigh Roenick maestro so tilt which crime
crazy kareem 63 gifts of the Rivington
and just a hill gifted us up to razzle
plasm interesting thing Rivington
arousal plasm it's september for just $1
you can continue this up that gifted
something isn't that so nice isn't that
so nice we're only about
twenty four subs out from my sub goal
for the night right it's not up on
screen but you just got singed
he's twitch crime Thank You you
discussed since wayward is here wayward
where you called from I'm from Iowa Iowa
you've been on the show before
uh no I'm I've played with you as well
and stuff I'm one of James's friends
normally I just use like the either way
thank you for being a twitch prime sub
and thank you for carrying me in well
both of those things are immediately
appreciated what would you like to talk
about on the show tonight so I had my
topic picked out and then you kinda like
also threw down the gauntlet which ties
to it my topic is that I think that
worlds is actually a hindrance to the
profitability of professional legal
legends so I think that the fact that
they didn't have MasterCard before this
and they were essentially doing this on
their own made it so that all of the
other regional finals and things like na
EU Korea more or less didn't matter
except for their seating in their way to
Worlds so it left out the opportunity to
sell out their promotional spots for
their other individual regions and
actually promote those brands and they
also have been promoting both the Riot
Games and Lolly sports brand which has
created an issue with I don't know if
they're doing family branding or
individual branding to where they just
caused enough confusion that their own
top-notch tournament is actually a
hindrance to their own absolutely night
one I'm a little confused yours you're
saying that because the world's wasn't
sponsored before it affected LCS his
ability to get sponsors because Worlds
wasn't sponsored before it led them to
make decisions like the one that they
did this year where people aren't going
over
you know they're not casting on sight
okay but ultimately the presence of the
championship worlds is actually making
it so that the other championships the
other finals and regional competitions
don't matter as much so it's harder to
sell those about to sponsor one is
vantes yeah one minor correction worlds
has been sponsored like they had the
Acer predator stuff and a couple other
things for the English broadcast I think
the other language broadcast all had
their own yeah China usually has a ton
of different sponsors as my
understanding like I think last year
sprite sponsored and maybe like a
vehicle so China usually get sponsors
the MasterCard thing is unique and then
it's the first global sponsor so that's
not specifically limited to a a specific
language it's that you'll see MasterCard
ads on every language broadcast to my
knowledge all around the world so oh you
have Mercedes says it she's a bear so
that's what's unique about this but it's
not that they haven't sold worlds before
it's that they they just this is the
first global one does that change your
argument at all the way word no because
that like the argument before was more
pertaining to what you were saying about
like you know this world's the the
decision to not cast on sight being an
issue I'm saying that like not having a
global sponsor like that and one that
the numbers aren't really released on
but is like fair to say is probably very
considerable in size probably very much
contributed to their decision to not go
abroad for most of it Kelby you're I'm
super confused I wait how does the are
you saying that the MasterCard sponsor
for World Championships interferes with
the ability for them to sell an a no I'm
saying that the fact that they basically
they award na finals and then
immediately just like check that under
the bus it doesn't even matter they're
going to worlds like the fact that they
take whoever wins na and honestly it
doesn't even
have to be the winner of na to take
first well I guess that does technically
qualify as worth first seed but like
they more or less don't care about who
wins each split they care about what it
does to worlds the fact that they put
that much emphasis you're saying they
aiming riot yeah the fact that the riot
puts that much emphasis on worlds makes
it harder to sell okay so the riot
that's the riot world's print undermines
the prestige of summer finals for each
of the different regions so that okay
that is an argument that I've heard
before not usually in relation to brands
right which is that hey things feel
great in North America when TSM wins
summer finals everybody gets excited you
lift up these champions and then you
send them off to Worlds and they fucking
lose and world's just like undermining
na LCS finals in that way like it
doesn't feel as great whenever you go
swatch your team's lose you're saying
specifically that the world's brand
degrades the LCS finals in LCS
championship brand by existing that
brands can't get in on the most
prestigious thing by sponsoring world
champion or sorry sponsoring with summer
finals instead they have to get in on
worlds and that makes it less likely for
people to spend on summer finals is that
correct yeah okay Kelby do you
understand that least the argument he's
making yeah I think I just I I think
it's an interesting perspective and I
could see why you could maybe get there
the thing that you have to consider
though is I well I'll start off by
saying that I think that I would I would
disagree with you the the second thing
that I would I would say is like if you
take away the world's narrative what
does that do to everything else and how
does that impact the sustainability of
the league the viewership of the league
fan engagement in
interest and then is that impact then
something that diminishes the North
American and all the regional products
to a state where they are less valuable
I I get what you're saying we're like
because the regional tournaments are not
the penultimate tournaments like it's
more difficult for us to monetize this
specific region because winning the
championship in North America isn't as
important but that's not how any like
every sport does that right like it
unless you have a global league which I
mean was what you would say for like
csgo and overwatch is that they're
they're essentially global competitors I
personally have never come across a
scenario in my sales efforts where like
a brand pushed back because oh this team
is good but like if they went in a you
know like it doesn't really matter cuz
they're gonna go to Worlds and lose yeah
like you want to capture eyeballs of
region most most budgets that you have
for sponsorships are regional it's
actually super rare that you're able to
activate globally with a brand like riot
has been able to do with MasterCard most
of the time the stuff that you're
activating INRI sport in eSports is like
us focused because a lot of the brands
even that you're dealing with we haven't
like reached market penetration where
we're dealing with global non-endemic
brands most of the time like you see in
traditional sports where like people are
interested in activating across like all
over the world
so like they care about na eyeballs and
when you care about na eyeball tend to
be more focused on the NA region and
then like well the stuff that comes
along with Worlds happens to be the
sprinkling on top and you would have to
make the argument in my mind that
because Worlds exists viewership for any
lake tournaments and broadcast matches
aren't as high as they would be if
worlds did not exist
B
then fans would be more likely to tune
in because like this is the big event
ultimately people are looking to capture
a certain number of eyeballs right in my
mind whatever is best for the viewership
of a region is what going to drive the
most sales value around it and I think
because the world's narrative exists and
because it fits into the whole ecosystem
that na viewership is higher as opposed
to like if it was just all regionalized
and we had no global final so I can yeah
I agree with you for like most of it I
eat the only place where I slightly
disagree is that I think the emphasis
that Riot puts on worlds in the emphasis
that they put on that brand makes it so
that the others aren't at all very
interesting and like they don't do
anything like you could even do regional
flares in the client for the three
months in the offseason or something
like that for the winners are you saying
for riots ability to get sponsors for na
LCS finals or EU LCS finals in
particular are you saying for a region's
ability to monetize well it would
absolutely impact the finals in
particular but I believe that that it
might have enough impact to actually
affect the rest as well because and the
reason I say that is because if they
were to do something that actually made
those finals impactful like some kind of
flare in the client for a couple of
months or something like that it would
also make those franchises more valuable
and it would make those franchises
something that could more easily sell so
I guess that wouldn't directly influence
Riot
you know those sponsors may not approve
approach riot directly unless I don't
know that details of those franchise
deals but I don't good I don't think an
outside sponsor is gonna not see
tl in the lead client at being the NLCS
champions and then decide that they're
not worth sponsoring or that the na LCS
is not worth sponsoring there
conversely I can tell you that when I've
talked to sponsors before sponsors get
really excited when their team qualified
like if what we're now talking about the
team thing but I can just pretty easily
dispense with that because I can tell
you that teams get responses get really
excited whenever the teams are going to
worlds because there's like a ton of
cool stuff that they get to do around
that you know like Team Liquid is
selling a special world's Jersey with
like sponsor logos on that how exciting
for the sponsor that like now people are
buying that's right like they get to do
extra content around it like whenever
what was that riff drivers they're a
Maasai one of the two I think it was
monster who sponsors both fnatic and TL
day like reckless and double of sit down
content piece like though there are
those are just really cool moments that
like yes they could do stuff around
finals but having all this extra stuff
so from a team perspective it's not
there I honestly think that like this
mask art master cart deal is probably
more meaningful in a lot of ways than
anything that could happen in North
America alone and so I just I disagree
with the idea that like you're losing
out on North American sponsors at a
higher level than you're gaining from
like world sponsorship yeah it sounds
like we were - in talking to you further
maybe you think as well that you just
feel not necessarily that and I could
please correct me if I'm wrong but as
we're talking about it not necessarily
that worlds is what's holding other
stuff back but that riot is just not
giving enough credence or attention or
validation to winning your regional
final because like you know they're not
doing the thing in the client like you
suggested for winning or driving enough
narrative reward or story around being
your regional champion we just
immediately Segway into Worlds and if
your team doesn't perform there it's
like for what yeah they're they're so
focused on the world's product that they
neglect opportunities that they could
give to promote their regional ones okay
so I here's go ahead mark I don't know
where you're gonna go Travis I'm gonna
say I I think I agree
with what we were saying a little bit
we're like it would be nice if more
regional stuff was developed but the
problem is most of that stuff and this
is I'm not an actual spokesperson right
so I might mess up some of the
terminology here but like all that stuff
needs to go through central like if
you're gonna put a skin in for the game
yeah I think like even if it's only a
regional skin which I don't even know if
those are exists I think they do but
even if it's only a regional skin I
still do needs to go through Central and
then like you start taking up a really
large portion of bandwidth for like a
skins creation team if like or whatever
it is in client stuff like if each
region then needs to have a product
built out for them because League has a
fuckload of regions and it's a little
unfair to be like we're only doing it
for major regions because then yeah I
don't know like you got you got to do it
from from every region to make all their
regions feel important and then like
suddenly you have created like instead
of having one product you do one time a
year
you now made like so much extra shit
that like is almost unfeasible
hey we got a move on in the next color
but thank you very much
wayward for a very thoughtful
conversation it was a little hard for us
to get into at first but I think it's an
interesting conversation yeah yeah thank
you very happy one you do all right
Travis you'll pull this guy that you
want to have the debate with right you
pull them well let me get let me get my
ice cream real quick everyone's gonna
hear like if I go into his channel and I
guess we just check do that normal check
by the way a ton of people came in with
some twitch crime subs you got singed
right wrench it's 95 James Cape Hulk
round trip 42 philosopher on my moose is
loose dark magic 39 Sherlock Holmes 10
lol Cato and bilbo swaggins we are 16
subs away from my goal for this evening
and on the show we have casual gamer
keen casual gamer King have you been on
the show before I have not this is my
first time okay you're listening to
Spotify x' Ambra by Anil's brah
what's that that's for my daughter
that's a piano music oh that's really
cute okay what I didn't know if that was
like your ramped up music for this
conversation where are you calling from
I'm come from Salt Lake City Utah okay
cool
we've had a couple Salt Lake City Utah
be blunt okay so what is your take cuz
you wanted to challenge me on this and
I'm happy to have a respectful fun
conversation with you so I decided to
take you up on that offer to discuss
that I think that it's really not a big
deal that they're casting from na and
the main reason is because I don't think
it's going to affect the quality of the
stream that much I think one they're
really professional about it but to
almost all of the crowd noise that you
hear is specifically tailored for you to
hear it by an audio designer and like
even if I'm home alone watching the
league I yell in really intense moments
and I think the casters will do the same
and I think that you're just not going
to notice a huge difference in the
quality and so as the result I think
it's a good thing if they can save money
and still get the same quality then why
wouldn't you want to save some money
sure okay yeah hey that's fair I really
agree completely with the idea that like
if you can get the same quality you can
see the money nobody notices you should
not worry about it
my only concern is that kind of breaks
out a little bit the only thing I could
see is the perception that occurs
whenever you know that these people that
the casters in the analysts desk are not
at the event I think it's sort of like
watching something live a lot of people
hate to watch vod's I hate watching Lots
I love watching stuff live even though
the experience is the same the knowledge
that this thing that is happening is not
as immediate that that sort of creates
this experience in your mind that like
it's less enjoyable I worry that
the audience will know that the casters
are not there that there when there and
the analyst desk it's actually taking
place in like a studio in LA in the
middle of the night and so I worry a
little bit about that perception but
let's just set that aside for a second
because maybe maybe I'm wrong about that
I think time and time again for me I've
heard multiple times where the casters
have said on the broadcast on air oh my
gosh you can feel the motion from this
crowd from like literally like sitting
in those arenas you can feel the crowd
shake right when I'm in Paris we used to
we would do like the area where the
media sit is underneath the bleachers
and you it like shakes it feels like
there's an earthquake happening and that
translates so much the enthusiasm like
there were moments where I would get up
out of my seat and run out into the
audience just to see that stuff happen
and I think that that stuff carries into
the casters and while I know that there
have been one or two casters who have
come out and said that like they're not
as worried about this lowly casters I
think that there's been a lot more
silence from a lot of the other casters
I know that at least one of the guys on
the dive said they were disappointed in
the decision and I've also seen a ton of
people from other eSports come out and
say that they like other casters say
like how disappointing this is in that
from their experience there's like a ton
of value that you derive from being at
in the arena and then setting aside the
arena stuff I actually think that
there's a ton of value that the casters
get from being in and around this stuff
for instance the the casual
conversations that the casters and the
analysts desk can have backstage with
the players that they reference
sometimes on broadcasts
that's like information in context that
you just don't get if they're all the
way in LA so this is a lot of the reason
that I have I don't know if you have any
thoughts on that stuff I agree that that
whether the casters will be able to be
as hyped not on not on scene will kind
have to be a wait-and-see moment I'm not
I'm not convinced I think I think that
for the live feel it'll still feel live
it'll just you know it might feel more
like you know I'll watch the league with
my brother sometimes we both got really
excited watching next to each other and
I think that they can be just as hyped
and in the really hype moments when it's
going to really matter that you want to
hear the loud crowd noise and you want
to get the casters really hype felt
they'll be hyped I I do see your point
that during some of the down times
perhaps in between games when you might
notice the crowd more in the background
or they might have discussions with
players off the sides that might be
impacted but I just don't think that it
will be as big of a deal as many people
think that it's not the end of the world
and if they can save a bunch of money
then it's good for the health of the
league yeah so I'll set aside or I want
to get to the money thing really quickly
but really quickly like I think it's not
even just the moments in between the
games and and I know everybody knows
he's my roommate I haven't had any
conversation with him about like this
specific moment I'm about to bring up
all right what one of my favorite
casting moments that I hear over and
over and over again in my head is Kobe
saying and the faithful shall be
rewarded whenever CLG like it became
clear that they were in 3o TSM Madison
Square Garden 2015 like the craziest
eSports event I've ever been at and his
his voice like echoing out across the
arena the crowd like sort of lifting up
what he was saying the like I think that
drove him in that moment in a way and
again it's like trust me I had this
conversation with him but for me the
perceptions at least that that that
affected him and I cannot imagine him
sitting in like a cold empty studio with
like 1 or 2 camera people looking at him
having that same level of energy and
enthusiasm but let's say I think you
said like yeah there might be moments
but even that's still ok for me because
there sit we'll save the money
for me it is frustrating because I don't
think they needed to save the money this
is the the funny thing that it like had
they done things better the funny thing
and strange thing about this
conversation is that it rapidly spirals
out of a dialogue around caster caster
enthusiasm and caster presentation at
these events and like analyst s
presentation and it becomes this other
conversation about money and about riots
ability to monetize their product and I
think for several years they made very
little effort to do that they made a bet
on bam Tech and whether because of them
are because of bam Tech that fell
through they seemingly didn't have much
of a backup for it and so I don't think
they should if if at the end of the day
they should we admit that there's some
sort of thing that is lost in this and
that it's lost in the effort of saving
money my frustration is that we have to
save this money in the first place
because they could have made better
decisions that would have put us in a
better financial situation and now I
worry that fans will suffer because of
it and I think you know I know we're
kind of bouncing around a little bit
here but like my frustration about the
caster stuff it's kind of like the final
I don't know was it like the icing on
the cake or whatever and a year where it
feels to me that we have seen a great
deal of budget cuts coming out from Ryan
in a year where we have seen like
overwatch League secured ton of sponsors
put on great presentations and a year
where we have seen like fortnight find
innovative ways to put on events and
it's disappointing to me to see budget
cuts affect this stuff so much and the
caster stuff just feels like one of the
worst ways that it's affected it sorry I
don't know if that's if I went like too
long there no I I get your point and I
think I think part of me says I'll have
to wait and see whether it's really
noticeable I guess I just see that I
think that this is kind of
and natural consequence of the growth of
the league I think it's almost inedible
inevitable I mean most major things a
lot of the Olympics is cast from the US
there are a lot of major organizations
that do most of their casting from
across the world and that as Lee grew
more and as riot got a better foundation
in a better studio in the US and casters
and the production crew got more
experienced and are able to do this in a
professional way that as it gets bigger
they make sense that all but the finals
and probably perhaps in the future all
but the semifinals and the finals are
casted not on scene and I I just I think
it's kind of a natural progression of
the scene getting bigger and needing to
be more smart about where you spend your
money yeah I I just worry or I just
don't want this to be like the Olympics
I don't think it needs to be that's what
I would say like I don't think just
because we've seen it in those cases be
back like there's a lot of other ways to
monetize this league in this worlds and
I think they could pull enough levers
here in an appropriate way to come out
even on the stuff or maybe even turn a
profit
sorry Marquis brain seedling I was gonna
wrap it all up okay because mark wants
to leave it's 10:30 to conclude the
conversation casual gamer King believes
in the professional ability of the
casters and broadcasting to still
deliver a good product to the average
viewer who if they don't think about the
overarching environment problems that
Travis has brought up will not
negatively impact the broadcast that
much right I could summarize the debate
yeah yeah I mean I think I think it's
that and I think honestly like a lot of
this just my final thing here is like if
if it does affect the broadcast if it
doesn't if it only affects a little bit
my disappoint is that we have to save
this money because of decisions write me
in the past several years to get us to
this point right I think the environment
like the environment concerns also if
you're talking about I don't know if
environments the right term habitats
around the decision sucks balls yeah but
this was probably not the year to make
this decision I think
you take it on the chin and then try to
do next year if you're ready do it and a
lot of this debate right now it's
hinging kind of on the assumption that
the broadcast team is gonna pull this
off no hitches but like I mean imagine
what fan backlash will be if there's
noticeable down grades and quality of
the broadcast from not being on site
like then all this other stuff that
we're supposing is gonna go fine is
suddenly worse yeah casual gamer King
thank you so much for calling in I
really do appreciate your take and by
the way I think is a very valid one like
if if we don't see much an effect on
this stuff I think you know it it won't
be that big of a deal nobody will talk
about it I'll look like an idiot and
then this will just be the way it goes
every year I just worry about that so
we'll see but either way thank you for
so much for calling in I really do
appreciate it
hey thanks man yeah have a good one all
right
that wraps up the show tell me how you
doing I'm doing great
is that rocky road no Ben and Jerry's
fish food which is my personal favorite
What's in fish food fish food is
chocolate ice cream with gooey
marshmallow swirls caramel swirls and
fudge fish YUM it's delicious we should
have done been in jerk let's do Ben and
Jerry's right now well we got we got two
minutes just give me two minutes
Kelby how would you pitch Ben and
Jerry's on eSports all right that's not
well that's definitely not it okay all
right let's just take a step back for
ten that didn't happen Kelby how do you
sell Ben and Jerry's to eSports Travis
this is an exercise in futility I'd
prefer that I not spend my time thinking
or caring about this I'd like to do my
shoutouts
and get ready mentally for Travis and
Kelby to total war Warhammer to co-op
campaign Tuesdays and Thursdays wow
really
hey I think world's viewing rewards are
great by the way a bunch of people are
complaining about it or saying they want
it for like the other talk about it I
think it's really good
I just want to say it I don't know Kelby
have any thoughts no I'm married well
mark I'm going to be staying up really
late for a while
and I'm looking forward to being
nocturnal what's your favorite Monster
Energy to help you stay awake late at
night mark thought I had it on me I like
the zero calorie orange one whatever the
fuck that's call ultra sunrise is that
what it's called yes it is I don't like
it anymore
the orange one no there goes our monster
sponsorship company shouts plugs
anything you want to say here at the end
yeah sure I would just like to say you
know that Travis and I talked a lot
about total war Warhammer - today is the
birth date of the best total war
Warhammer - streamer on Twitch
his name is Fenn Ron Jenkins we've
talked about him a couple times he turns
28 he's he's a super super nice guy he
doesn't get a ton of dirt each other it
is out there now is he's a super super
nice guy his channel doesn't get like
crazy viewership usually he's like at
max between like 100 and 150 or
something so like his channel has a
really cool like community feel he
engages with the chat a lot if you have
any interest in the game or if you're a
total war player like us and I would
highly recommend that you check him out
he answers questions he's super
responsive I've generally found over
time even though oh man I actually
almost had a leak on my work thing
that I'm actually trending more and more
towards watching like smaller
broadcasters in their communities
because I like the engagement that comes
around
channels as opposed to like I'm watching
ninja I'm watching shroud for whatever
reason and you know there's there's like
it's just like eat like the spam and the
chat is just like what is this thing why
does it even exist you know what I mean
like it's it's not something that I
personally get gratification out of but
I think that phen Ron is a super super
great smaller broadcaster I want him I
think he deserves a lot more success
it's tough because he's in a rather in
each game but if you're interested I
would recommend checking him out
twitch.tv forward slash veteran jenkins
mark if you guys want to watch another
streamer who's doesn't have that maybe
check out this guy d mark Z is also
unlike Phan Ron not interactive when you
show up in his stream he's usually it
seems like you've forgotten it somehow
it turned on that's about the level of
interaction you would expect as if
someone was unaware that they were
streaming he's not a cool guy he's very
grouchy but you should watch him once a
month it's my turn
I want to give a shout out to riot for
their viewership reward program assuming
it works out well I think this is a
great thing that they've announced I
think it's really easy for me to spend
Uptown time criticizing them for the
rest ups and it's hard sometimes to just
like give them a pat on the back
whenever they do something right but
this seems like it's gonna be really
cool I'm excited to see how it goes and
it's the type of thing that I was
worried would be gone when the BAM tech
deal went away because it felt like that
was where they were gonna put the
technological stuff in but I'm excited
to see how that works out and what it
does for viewership and engagement and
all that stuff it's seen a lot of other
eSports so that's great so shouts right
also shout-out to our sponsor for the
show your twitch prime sub that's right
you might be watching this you hover
over the screen with your cursor and
it'll tell you if you got twitch prime
sub you can send it my way
we are 14 subs out from my thing I got I
got still gotta pay mark and I we don't
have a sponsor for the show so that's uh
you guys can help me with that down with
the lack of a sponsor I'm still making
Travis pay me every goddamn cent yeah it
was an uncomfortable conversation we had
earlier but we had it and we have read
and
mark is here we were gonna think that
that's that was true either way and I'm
the only one who's here for the passion
yeah that's true he'll be he'll be lacks
attention yeah Kelly's here because it's
the only thing it's a single strand of
relevance he's hanging on to says he
left CLG that was a long time ago yeah
well I'm barely holding on I've kept you
I've kept you alive that's a toll the
whole time Kelby wrap the show I'm like
fucking fly quest just like please don't
forget you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things eSports right
here on hunting League episode on gamers
net